
                               1 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

ELECTION 2016;
'Year of the Woman' again?

BYLINE: Cathleen Decker

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1310 words

DATELINE:  WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.


In the closing stretch of the presidential race, Hillary Clinton is trying to
harness women's anger over Donald Trump's behavior into a surge of support for
her and other female candidates.

It's an effort that harks back to Democratic victories that stemmed from similar
controversy a quarter-century ago, in an election that became known as the "Year
of the Woman."

On Thursday, First Lady Michelle Obama, the most popular figure on the national
stage, campaigned alongside Clinton in North Carolina. Two days earlier, Sen.
Elizabeth Warren campaigned with Clinton in New Hampshire. Each delivered a
"hear me roar" message prodding female voters to help Clinton defeat Trump.

"We know the influence our president has on our children," Obama told thousands
of supporters in Winston-Salem. "They are taking it all in.... What kind of
president do we want for them?"

Clinton, introducing Obama, cast Nov. 8 as a referendum on Trump's words and
actions.

"I wish I didn't have to say this, but, indeed, dignity and respect for women
and girls is also on the ballot this election," the candidate said.

Polls show female voters siding with Clinton by near-record levels in many key
states, as support for her and antipathy toward Trump merge to give her leads in
most of the battleground states that the Republican nominee needs to win.

The move by female voters toward Clinton in the final weeks of the campaign
offsets a similar hardening of support for Trump by his key audience,
blue-collar white men.

In a campaign featuring the first female presidential nominee of a major party,
gender was inevitably going to play a role.

The surprise is that what has super-charged gender's role is not Clinton's
historic quest, but the nature of her opponent -- specifically, Trump's vulgar
comments about women on a 2005 video and subsequent allegations of sexual
assault made against him.

The gender focus has expanded from there in unpredictable ways. Trump's
criticism of Clinton in their third debate as a "nasty woman" has been embraced
by the candidate and her supporters, prompting "Nasty woman" T-shirts and
leading Warren to issue a swaggering promise that on election day, "we nasty
women" will defeat him.

The aftershocks have not been limited to campaign events, nor to Democrats.
Prominent Republican women have expressed anger at Trump and at their party for
backing him.

On Wednesday, in an extraordinary several minutes on Fox News, former GOP House
Speaker Newt Gingrich angrily accused Megyn Kelly, one of the most prominent
women in television news, of being "fascinated by sex" for asking about the
allegations against Trump.

"You know what, Mr. Speaker? I am not fascinated by sex," Kelly said. "But I am
fascinated by the protection of women and understanding what we're getting in
the Oval Office."

Their dispute ended with Kelly suggesting that Gingrich "take [his] anger
issues" elsewhere.

Trump, who earlier in the campaign had used loaded gender references against
Kelly as well as Clinton and others, went out of his way Wednesday to
congratulate Gingrich during an event in Washington.

"That was an amazing interview. We don't play games, Newt. We don't play games,"
Trump said.

The swirl of gender issues in this campaign and the tone taken as election day
nears echo the 1992 campaign. The success of female candidates that year was
powered in large part by women mobilized by court decisions threatening abortion
rights and the emotional fallout from the 1991 accusations of harassment leveled
by law professor Anita Hill against then-Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas.

Thomas secured his seat on the court after a national uproar, but the sentiments
unleashed as senators interrogated Hill on television helped propel a record
number of women into U.S. Senate seats one year later. Strong support from women
also helped Clinton's husband, Bill Clinton, win his first term as president.

Clinton and her campaign are trying to funnel similar outrage over Trump's words
and alleged deeds into votes for her and female Senate candidates. So far,
however, the benefit seems limited to Clinton herself, with few signs as yet of
a top-to-bottom ballot wave.

Debbie Walsh, director of Rutgers University's Center for American Women and
Politics, said Clinton was embracing the latest turn of events in the same way
she had earlier turned Trump's complaint that she was playing "the woman's card"
into a stump speech chant to "deal me in."

"It's really tapping into something deep for women," Walsh said.

The fact that Trump's behavior prompted some Republicans to turn their backs on
him after sticking with him through his comments about Muslims, Latinos, African
Americans, the disabled and other groups underscores the heft of the group
Clinton is now trying to direct, Walsh said.

"What you see here is the power of the women's vote," she said.

In North Carolina, a traditionally Republican state where Clinton holds a narrow
lead over Trump, messages to women dominate both sides' campaign ads.

In one Clinton ad, an Army veteran and life-long Republican with three daughters
talks about his anger at Trump's comments. "I want my girls to grow up proud and
strong," he says. "Donald Trump's America is not the country I fought for."

Another Clinton ad, replete with images of mothers and children, features a girl
asking Clinton how to prevent bullying. "We need more love and kindness,"
Clinton says.

Her opponents, too, have female voters in their sights. One ad paid for by a
pro-Trump super PAC hits Clinton for donations her family foundation received
from countries that don't allow women to drive and punish rape victims.

"How can we trust the Clintons to fight for us when they've sold out millions of
women already?" the narrator in the ad asks.

Yet it's clear Trump has the bigger problem among women. In a poll released
Thursday from the nonpartisan Pew Research Center, only 38% of voters said Trump
had even a "fair amount" of respect for women. And more than 4 in 10 women said
he had "no respect" for them.

The Trump campaign hasn't directly tried to allay the concerns of women, apart
from Trump's steadfast denials that he forcibly kissed women and grabbed their
genitals, as he boasted on the 2005 tape of being able to do.

He has cast his accusers as liars and vowed to sue them after the election.

"They don't understand who the people are that they're losing," said Katie
Packer, a veteran Republican strategist and Trump opponent. "It's not about the
sex; it's about the crime and the indignity and the accountability of somebody
who has bragged about this.... To be constantly treating this as no big deal --
that's the insult."

There are some signs of a rejection of Trump by GOP women. In North Carolina,
Monmouth University pollster Patrick Murray found 6% of Republican women
surveyed siding with Clinton, twice the percentage that backed President Obama
in 2012, according to exit polls.

In New Hampshire, another swing state, an NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist College
poll published Wednesday found Clinton with a 25-point lead among women overall,
up from 14 points a month earlier. Among men, Trump led by 8 points -- slightly
down from his 12-point margin in September.

In early voting in North Carolina, women have cast 7% more ballots than they had
at this point in 2012, according to figures compiled by Catawba College
professor J. Michael Bitzer. That presumably, but not certainly, aids Clinton.

One of those Clinton supporters is Angela Middleton, who sat outside the Wake
Forest University arena after Clinton's and Obama's speeches, smiling as a light
rain began to fall.

"I look at the record, what she stands for: equality," Middleton said of
Clinton. "She's a female. She understands the struggle, the fight. I may not
agree with all of her policies, but I believe in her ability."

--

cathleen.decker@latimes.com

Twitter: @cathleendecker

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: "DIGNITY AND RESPECT for women and girls is also on the ballot,"
Hillary Clinton said as she campaigned with Michelle Obama in Winston-Salem,
N.C.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Brian Blanco European Pressphoto Agency

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 11:30 PM EST

Trump reinvigorated by FBI Clinton probe

BYLINE: By Jeremy Diamond, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 1133 words

DATELINE: Cedar Rapids, Iowa


The FBI's decision to review new emails related to Hillary Clinton's use of a
private email server is reinvigorating Donald Trump's faith in the US government
and political system -- and in his own campaign.

"What happened today, starting with the FBI, maybe the system will become a
little less rigged. Beautiful," the Republican nominee, who has repeatedly
questioned what he deems a "rigged system" against him, said Friday night. It
was the third and final rally of a day he argued has breathed new life into his
struggling campaign.

He argued his campaign is "really moving" in light of what he termed a
"disaster" for Clinton's campaign and then the billionaire showman even capped
off the outdoors rally on a riverbank here with a flashy fireworks display.

"The FBI would not have reopened this case at this time unless it were a most
egregious offense," Trump argued, even though the FBI has not said it is
formally reopening the investigation into Clinton's email server. "I've had a
lot of words about the FBI lately, but I give them great credit for having the
courage to right this horrible wrong."

Pivoting back to his campaign, he added: "We've had gaps, but we are really
moving. I don't know what's going to happen now."

Earlier in the day, FBI Director James Comey announced in a letter to members of
Congress that through "an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence
of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation" of Clinton's email server.
Comey directed investigators to "review these emails to determine whether they
contained classified information."

The decision, which fell nearly four months after the FBI recommended no
criminal charges following its investigation into Clinton's private email
server, rocked the political world on Friday. It came just 11 days before
Election Day as Trump faces a steep and narrow path to victory following a
series of damaging revelations in recent weeks -- including sexual assault
allegations and audio of Trump bragging about being able to grope women.

If the fireworks shed light on Trump's mood, his supporters' ear-shattering
shrieks, applause and chants of "Lock her up!" at each of his three rallies when
Trump raised the "critical breaking news" left no doubt the FBI's surprise
decision had reinvigorated his biggest fans.

First pouncing on the news at a rally in Manchester, New Hampshire, Trump first
expressed hope that the FBI will "right the horrible mistake that they made" and
lambasted Clinton as a corrupt candidate, even though no new evidence came to
light on Friday.

"Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have never seen before. We must
never let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office," Trump said,
reading from prepared remarks. "I have great respect for the fact that the FBI
and the Department of Justice are now willing to have the courage to right the
horrible mistake that they made."

Clinton reacted to the FBI announcement during a brief news conference Friday
afternoon, urging the FBI to release "full and complete facts immediately."

"The director himself has said he doesn't know whether the emails referenced in
his letter are significant or not. I'm confident, whatever they are, will not
change the conclusion reached in July. Therefore, it's imperative that the
bureau explain this issue in question, whatever it is, without any delay,"
Clinton said.

A few hours later, Trump lobbed another attack at Clinton during a rally in
Cedar Rapids, Iowa, accusing Clinton of trying to "politicize this
investigation" and of "attacking and falsely accusing the FBI director," noting
that Clinton claimed Comey sent a letter only to Republican members of Congress.
The FBI director also sent the letter to top Democrats as well.

"The FBI would not have reopened this case at this time unless it were a most
egregious offense," Trump argued in Cedar Rapids.

Accusations of collusion

Trump's accusation that Clinton is trying to "politicize" the investigation and
attacking the FBI director sits in stark contrast to Trump's own repeated and
unrelenting attacks on the agency.

Trump has repeatedly accused the FBI and DOJ of colluding to cover up Clinton's
controversial use of a private email server during her time as secretary of
state.

And while he made it clear Friday that he was not backing off that claim, Trump
appeared cautiously optimistic that the FBI's latest announcement might finally
yield the result he and his supporters have been clamoring for. Trump has argued
Clinton should be jailed for storing several pieces of classified information on
her private email server and misrepresenting that fact to the American public,
though he did not explicitly say Friday that Clinton should be indicted or
jailed.

"This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully
understood and it is everybody's hope that it is about to be corrected," Trump
said.

Minutes later, he added: "It might not be as rigged as I thought."

"The FBI, I think they're going to right the ship, folks, I think they're going
to right the ship and they're going to save their great reputation by doing so,"
Trump said.

While Trump remained stern-faced as he addressed the FBI's decision to
investigate new emails related to Clinton's email server, Trump's supporters and
his campaign staff were suddenly reinvigorated by the news.

Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, was being interviewed by Yahoo News'
Bianna Golodryga when the news first broke.

"That is superb," Conway said after Golodryga told her. "That is extraordinary
news for the American people because they deserve to know everything."

She later tweeted: "A great day in our campaign just got even better."

'Long overdue'

Trump's reaction to the FBI news echoed the response of other top Republican
officials, including House Speaker Paul Ryan -- who has been critical of Trump
but still supports him for president.

Ryan called the FBI's decision "long overdue" and hammered Clinton for her
"reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with
federal investigators."

"Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame. She was entrusted with some of
our nation's most important secrets, and she betrayed that trust by carelessly
mishandling classified information," Ryan said in a statement Friday.

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called the news a
"stunning development" and argued Clinton "jeopardized classified information."

Priebus also suggested the FBI's announcement raised questions about the 33,000
emails Clinton deleted from her private email server, which Trump has frequently
raised on the stump.

"This stunning development raises serious questions about what records may not
have been turned over and why, and whether they show intent to violate the law,"
Priebus said.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 10:16 AM EST

The bizarre day that blunted Clinton's good mood

BYLINE: By Dan Merica, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 1124 words


Hillary Clinton was riding high. Then Anthony Weiner resurfaced.

A string of strong swing state polls, an expanding battleground map and the end
of the presidential debates had Clinton -- and her aides -- feeling good about
the final days of the campaign. The normally careful candidate was dancing on
television, celebrating her birthday with gifts of tequila and seemingly having
fun during a campaign that, at times, seemed to be a slog for her.

Then her nagging email controversy roared back.

News broke on the flight between New York and Iowa that the FBI was reviewing
new emails related to Clinton's personal server, bringing an issue they had
assumed was behind them back into the campaign.

Later in the day, those same aides learned the emails being examined are part of
an investigation into Weiner, the estranged husband of Clinton's longtime aide
Huma Abedin. The two separated over the summer after a sexting incident.

Dumbfounded looks

Clinton's flying campaign headquarters, though, kept the nominee, her top aides
and the press cordoned off from the outside world. The plane's unreliable WiFi
wasn't functioning at all on Friday, making it impossible for journalists to
know what was going on outside their tube in the sky 30,000 feet over the
Midwest.

Before the news broke, Clinton's top aides spoke to reporters in flight, touting
the fact that their candidate planned to visit Arizona, a traditionally red
state, and early voting that proved their base of women, minority and young
voters were turning out in record numbers.

After reporters peppered the aides with questions, the conversation ended and
reporters went to write their stories about a confident Clinton going to
Arizona.

Then the wireless flashed on for a mere minute and phones buzzed.

Reporters informed Clinton's top aides traveling on the plane about the FBI's
updated investigation, news that was met with dumbfounded looks from Clinton's
staffers who quickly retreated to huddle in the front of the plane.

Clinton and her top campaign aides had no advance warning that the FBI would be
issuing its letter to Congress, an aide said at the end of the day, meaning the
Democratic nominee learned of Weiner's involvement the way everyone else did.

Clinton's albatross

Weiner has been a pariah in Clinton's world since he was forced to resign from
Congress because he sexted multiple women while he was married to Clinton's
closest aide. The same sexting compulsion continued throughout Weiner's failed
New York mayoral race, and after years of trying to make their relationship
work, Abedin and Weiner split.

The fact that Weiner has now been connected to Clinton's email controversy
shocked those close to Clinton and the scene on the plane was unlike any other
day Clinton's charter has criss-crossed the country.

When Clinton's plane touched down in Iowa, a state that has been an albatross
around Clinton's neck for almost a decade, reporters quickly exited so they
could attempt to shout questions at Clinton as she deplaned.

Except the Democratic nominee decided to stay put.

Celebrity photographer Annie Leibovitz, who has been traveling with the campaign
for days, was invited to the front of the cabin to snap pictures of Clinton upon
landing, likely the same time Clinton's aides were getting the full picture of
what had just been dropped on their campaign.

Betsy Ebeling, Clinton's childhood friend, joined Clinton on the campaign trail
Friday, seemingly sitting with Clinton as she learned about the news.

Clinton deplaned around 30 minutes after her plane touched down in Iowa,
greeting shouted questions with a simple wave and smile.

Clinton didn't mention the FBI investigation at her first event of the day in
Cedar Rapids, instead focusing on Donald Trump's treatment of women.

"This is a man who relished making women feel terrible about themselves, in
every possible way," Clinton said. "Someone who thinks belittling and
objectifying women make him a bigger man. He goes after dignity and self worth
of women and I don't think there is a woman anywhere who doesn't know what that
feels like."

Outside the event, a protester attempted to disrupt Clinton.

"Hillary Clinton broke the law," he yelled, barely loud enough to be heard.

Clinton wrapped up speech and she was off, headed back to the airport.

Reporters jittery

As the motorcade rolled to the steps leading to her cabin, Clinton quickly
exited and bolted up the steps, back to the confines of her same wireless-less
plane cabin.

Reporters on the plane, anxious for any developments, jittered at the mere site
of a Clinton aide headed toward the press, and when Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton's
spokeswoman, walked toward the back of the plane, the press cabin jerked with
energy.

It was a false alarm. Palmieri was just grabbing a piece of apple pie and
vanilla ice cream.

Clinton again declined to mention the story in Des Moines, but nodded to the way
this presidential race has never ceased to surprise.

"We have got to keep our foot on the gas. Donald Trump says he can still win and
he is right," Clinton told supporters. "You know this has been such an unusual
election. I don't take any place, anyone or anything for granted."

The choir room presser

Clinton, though, wasn't done with her crazy day.

As reporters packed up to make their way back to the bus in Des Moines, a
Clinton advance staffer urged people to stay put.

Minutes later, the same staffer announced that the traveling press should head
out and the reporters wearily made their way to the bus.

At the last minute, though, the staffer directed the press to a side door and
into a choir room at Theodore Roosevelt High School.

Five minutes later, Clinton was standing before steamed American flags with
dozens of band and choir trophies in her line of sight.

"We are 11 days out from perhaps the most important national election of our
lifetimes. Voting is already underway in our country," Clinton said. "So the
American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately."

Clinton said that no one from her campaign has talked to the FBI, but she
implored the bureau to release all the info it could.

As for Weiner's connection, Clinton chalked them up to "rumors."

"We don't know what to believe. And I'm sure there will be even more rumors,"
Clinton said. "That's why it is incumbent upon the FBI to tell us what they're
talking about."

After her press secretary shouted "thank you all," Clinton was ushered out,
laughing at the suggestion that the controversy could sink her campaign.

Reporters ran to the already idling bus, shoving bags and gear into any open
seat.

After almost losing Clinton's motorcade, the coach rolled away from the high
school with its horn blaring, signaling an end to one of the campaign's most
unpredictable days.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 8:46 AM EST

At-risk Republicans revel in FBI's Clinton email announcement

BYLINE: By Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 950 words

DATELINE: Washington


Vulnerable down-ballot Republican candidates seized on the news Friday that the
FBI was reviewing new emails tied to the investigation of Hillary Clinton's use
of a private server, arguing the GOP must remain in charge of Congress so they
can keep check on a potential Clinton presidency.

"This decision shows exactly why we need strong watchdogs in Congress to ensure
thorough oversight of the executive branch," said veteran Republican Rep.
Darrell Issa. The Southern California congressman, who has been one of President
Barack Obama and Clinton's most spirited investigators over the years, is in an
unexpectedly tough re-election battle.

If re-elected, Issa vowed he would "ensure the FBI completes its investigation
thoroughly and impartially this time around."

After months of struggling to defend a constant barrage of Donald Trump's
controversial comments, GOP lawmakers in swing states turned the tables and
blasted their Democratic opponents for their loyalty to Clinton who has admitted
her use of a private server was wrong.

Clinton calls on FBI to release 'full and complete facts' of email review

"When will Catherine Cortez Masto stand up to Hillary Clinton's reckless
behavior?" GOP Rep. Joe Heck asked about the Democrat he's running against for
Nevada's open Senate seat in a press released titled "Cortez Masto blindly
supports Hillary Clinton because she always overlooks wrongdoing by Democrats."

Cortez Masto has not yet issued a statement in response.

The National Republican Senatorial Committee blasted Deborah Ross, a North
Carolina Democrat challenging incumbent Republican Sen. Richard Burr, for not
breaking with Clinton.

"Less than 24-hours ago, Deborah Ross happily campaigned in Winston Salem with
Hillary Clinton who was introduced as "the next 'President.' But as news breaks
today that the FBI is reopening its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private
email server, Deborah Ross is silent," the statement said.

As of late Friday, Ross's campaign had not issued any statement about the
development.

The bizarre day that blunted Clinton's good mood

Aides and strategists said it was too early to gauge what the political fallout
will be for down-ballot candidates of either party. But the issue of Clinton's
honesty, especially in the wake of the email controversy, has been a rallying
cry for Trump supporters and this added fuel may inspire undecided voters now to
back Trump -- and others on the GOP ticket -- as the campaign draws to a close.

The National Republican Congressional Committee issued a flurry of press
releases calling out Democrats in competitive races to declare whether they
support the Democratic nominee. In one of these, attacking first term Rep. Brad
Ashford, D-Nebraska, spokeswoman Kate Martin said, "the FBI is reopening its
investigation into Hillary Clinton and Nebraska voters deserve to know if Brad
Ashford still stands by her."

Martin added, "It's time Ashford stood up for Nebraskans who deserve better than
Hillary Clinton, who enables corruption, scandals and lies."

Just as Trump did, at least one senator used the news Friday to raise money for
his campaign.

"If you agree that Hillary Clinton should be indicted for mishandling classified
information, please stand with me today by making an urgent contribution today,"
said an appeal from Sen. Rand Paul. R-Kentucky, who is expected to be
re-elected.

Biden on Weiner: 'I'm not a big fan'

Democrats largely silent

While Republicans were quick to react to the news, congressional Democrats were
largely silent on the development, a reflection of how unclear the political
damage might be. Some privately complained that the cryptic letter from FBI
Director James Comey left them grasping for a response.

Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Intelligence
Committee, was angry about that. She issued a sharply worded statement in which
she said she was "shocked" when she read Comey's letter because it was so vague
"it's impossible to make any informed judgment on this development."

"One thing is clear: Director Comey's announcement played right into the
political campaign of Donald Trump, who is already using the letter for
political purposes. And all of this just 11 days before the election," Feinstein
said.

House Democrats believe they are in striking distance of taking back the
chamber. Anxious to contain the politically treacherous situation, Rep. Nancy
Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, called on Comey to provide more details so
voters will have a better understanding of the FBI's views.

"The public interest would be served by the FBI providing the facts, rather than
allowing Republicans to stoke innuendo and falsehoods 11 days away from a
presidential election," she said.

One Democratic strategist argued Democrats running for the House and Senate who
have backed Clinton through the ups and downs the email controversy should stick
with her now too.

"We trust and support Hillary Clinton and we know that she would be a good
president for us and for the country. That's what we've been saying throughout
the conversation about emails in the last year or so," said Basil Smikle, a top
official in the New York State Democratic Party, in an interview on CNN.

Following word that an FBI "sexting" investigation into former Rep. Anthony
Weiner, D-New York, who is the estranged husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin,
had led to the discovery of the new emails that could be pertinent to the
Clinton probe, one GOP strategist quipped on Twitter that the partisan Weiner
may have "saved" the Senate for Republicans.

"This won't save the WH campaign, but Carlos Danger may have saved the GOP
Senate," said John Weaver, referring to an Internet name Weiner has used.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 12:26 PM EST

Trump vs. Clinton: Could the polls be wrong?

BYLINE: By Richard Allen Greene, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 1120 words

DATELINE: London


Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was going to make it through October
without a nasty surprise, the FBI revealed it was reviving its investigation
into her use of a private email server -- and suddenly her healthy lead in the
polls began to wobble.

But is it enough to give Donald Trump hope of capturing the White House on
November 8?

If you're watching the polls, you might doubt the email scandal will change the
race.

Latest exit polls and live election results

Clinton is up by five points nationally in the latest CNN/ORC poll, and by three
points in CNN's most recent poll of polls, even after the FBI announcement.

One Irish betting site thinks Trump is so sure to lose that it paid out $1.1
million to people who gambled on Clinton three weeks before Election Day.


If Trump were a traditional politician, he'd be telling supporters about now
that the only poll that matters is the one on Election Day.

In fact, Trump has been telling supporters the polls are "rigged."

They're not.

But what if the polls are simply wrong?

Brexit surprise

One vocal Trump ally says pollsters get things wrong -- and he has personal
experience to prove it.

Nigel Farage was one of the loudest voices campaigning for Britain to leave the
European Union in the crucial national referendum held in the United Kingdom in
June.

His side won the vote on "Brexit" to the surprise of much of the world. (The
site that already paid out on a Clinton victory said there was only a 10% chance
of the pro-Brexit side winning.)

"On the day of the vote, there was an opinion poll that put us 10 points behind,
but we won," Farage claimed in an interview with CNN's Brooke Baldwin.

The polls were wrong because people who don't usually vote turned out, Farage
argued.

"Modern polling companies cannot get to non-voters who are re-entering the
system. The question is, is Trump reaching non-voters? I'm told that new
registration of voters is quite high. It could be that Hillary's ahead, but
maybe by not so much."

Trump even said as much at a rally Sunday, describing his would be victory as
"called Brexit plus plus plus."

Big enough lead for Hillary?

Unfortunately for Trump, Farage doesn't quite have his facts right.

John Curtice, the dean of British polling, said Brexit surveys were actually
pretty accurate.

"In the end, the average of the opinion polls was 51-52% for Remain, but we had
some putting Leave ahead, and the Internet polls said it was a 50-50 shot from
the beginning," Curtice said.

The vote turned out to be 51.9% for Leave to 48.1% for Remain.

"The polls in the UK, we can say, were 2 or 3 points out, but you wouldn't want
to say more than that," Curtice added.

Trump is not polling that close to Clinton, at least in the immediate aftermath
of the renewed FBI interest in her email server.

But there have been two British polling humiliations in recent memory, with
errors big enough for Trump to draw comfort from, Curtice conceded.

"There are certainly historical precedents in the UK: 1992 (and) 2015, where the
average error of the polls is roughly 7-8 points, the kind of lead that Hillary
currently has in the polls," he said.

"So, sure, if anybody has any sense, you wouldn't want to say that Trump's
chances are zero."

And Curtice said Farage may have something else right: British pollsters may
have failed to pick up people who don't normally vote but did show up to vote
Leave in June.

"We don't have the data," he said. But "if Trump does get the people who don't
normally turn out to vote, who don't normally get called by the pollsters, then
the polls may be wrong."

The art of polling

That's because polling is not just number-crunching, said Robert P. Jones, the
head of PRRI, a Washington-based opinion research organization.

"It is some part art as well as science," he said. "We have to start modeling
'likely voters.' You have got to make some judgments: Is the electorate like
2008 or 2012?"

Farage has argued that some Trump supporters may be embarrassed to say they are
backing him, which would mess with the pollsters' models.

"Maybe also people aren't telling pollsters the truth. Thinking, I don't want to
tell a pollster I'm voting for Trump, but in private, that's how I feel and
that's what I'm going to do," he said.


Steve Hilton, who was a political strategist for former British Prime Minister
David Cameron, thinks that's very possible.

"There is highly likely to be a secret Trump supporter phenomenon. I don't think
it's possible to estimate how many, and polls will by definition not pick them
up," said Hilton, who is now the chief executive of political crowdfunding and
data site Crowdpac.

He sees a parallel between "the widespread moral shaming directed at Brexit
supporters there and Trump supporters here, most obviously seen in Hillary
Clinton's 'basket of deplorables' speech, which mirrored accusations in the UK
that Brexit supporters were racist, xenophobic, bigots and so on."

There is no way to predict how much impact they will have, if they exist, Hilton
said.

"I think it's unlikely that the secret Trump supporters are numerous enough to
sway the entire election, but in tight races in places like Ohio and possibly
even Michigan, they could deliver a real surprise next week," he said.

What's socially acceptable?

But Jones, the opinion pollster, doubted there is a mass of secret Trump voters.

Pollsters know that people are more likely to give socially acceptable answers
when they're contacted in a telephone survey -- there's even a name for the
phenomenon.

It's called the Bradley Effect, after Tom Bradley, an African-American candidate
for governor of California in 1982. Polls incorrectly predicted he would win.

Looking back, experts think that's because at least some people told pollsters
they would vote for Bradley, even though they didn't plan to, in order to avoid
sounding racist.

Internet polling can help control for such misdirection, Jones said, because
people who fill out online surveys don't have to interact with a live person.

"There is no evidence that there are secret Trump voters who are systematically
lying to pollsters because they believe it is socially unacceptable to tell a
live interviewer they are supporting him," Jones said

"This fall, PRRI conducted both self-administered online polls and live
interviewer telephone polls and we saw no significant differences. So I see no
evidence of secret Trump voters who are simply reluctant to admit they are
voting for Trump."

In fact, the only firm data available at the moment -- early voting statistics
-- suggest that the Democrats, not the Republicans, have the advantage
nationwide.

But in the end, Curtice said, the politicians' clichÃ© about unfavorable polls
is true: "The only way to find out is on the day itself."

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

Democrats have early-voting edge;
Data appear to show a major shift favoring Trump in Midwest.

BYLINE: Melanie Mason

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1048 words


The millions of votes already cast in the presidential election show promising
signs for Hillary Clinton, with Democrats registering a strong performance in
key states such as Florida and Colorado.

But the early votes reveal bright spots for Donald Trump in the Midwest,
potentially signaling a significant shift in the parties' geographic bases that
could linger past the election.

At least 15 million people have cast ballots in the general election, according
to University of Florida political science professor Michael McDonald, who
tracks early-voting data. About 40% of votes will be cast before election day.

With such high volumes of votes at stake, campaign operatives and political
analysts have been poring over the data with Talmudic intensity, looking for any
hints on how to readjust their outreach or recalibrate their spin.

"As the data start to come in, you can see -- are we hitting in certain places,
are we not hitting our numbers in other places," said Mark Stephenson, founder
of Red Oak Strategic, an analytics firm that works with Republican clients. "We
can see where we may need to shift resources."

Early voting has increased overall compared with 2012 levels, McDonald said. The
jump is most apparent in states that have favored Clinton in recent polls, he
added, citing Nevada, Maine and even Texas, where polls have been surprisingly
tight and early voting is up nearly 50% from the same point four years ago.

The tallies of how many votes have been cast for Trump or Clinton won't be made
public until the polls close on election day. But the early returns offer
insight into who is voting, creating a larger picture of turnout by party
affiliation, demographics and geography.

People are obsessing over early voting in part because the data offer the first
sign this grueling election is drawing to a close, said Steve Schale, a
Democratic strategist from Florida.

"You've got to be a masochist to think, 'I want this to go on for another six
months,'" Schale said. "It's the first concrete thing we've had in a really long
time" to predict the final outcome.

Early voting through mail-in ballots or in person has steadily grown in
popularity in recent election cycles. Thirty-seven states now offer some form of
early voting, according to the National Conference on State Legislatures; the
remaining 13 require a reason to request an absentee ballot.

Data geeks rely on historical context to draw conclusions from the patchwork of
returns being released across the country. In Colorado, for example, Democrats
were leading by about 30,000 ballots, a far bigger advantage than in past
cycles, causing David Flaherty of the Republican-aligned firm Magellan
Strategies to predict the beginnings of a Democratic wave.

"They've never had a lead like that," said Flaherty, who is based in Colorado.
"The trend has always been that Republicans vote earlier."

In Florida, where more than 2.4 million people have already cast ballots,
accounting for about a quarter of the likely vote, analysts are looking to
geography for clues on where the state is heading.

Schale, who helped fashion President Obama's wins there in 2008 and 2012,
pointed to high early-voting levels in Broward and Dade counties in south
Florida, the heart of the state's Democratic base.

Strong turnout in these counties, where Clinton's campaign "invested a lot of
time and built a strong organization, is a good sign," Schale said.

He also said Democrats should be encouraged by relatively tight margins between
the two major parties in conservative-leaning Duval County, which includes the
city of Jacksonville. Previous GOP winners in the state, such as George W. Bush
in 2004, ran up major advantages there.

"Duval is performing much closer to the 2008 and 2012 models than where Trump
needs to be," Schale said.

Early voting in Ohio and Iowa, in contrast, appears to favor Republicans.

In Ohio, where about half a million votes have been cast, turnout is down in key
Democratic areas around Cleveland and Columbus.

In Iowa, early-voting levels are down from 2012, bucking the national trend. The
drop-off appears to be due to fewer Democrats, who tend to be early voters in
the state, not showing up.

"Republicans are in a much more advantageous position in terms of their deficit
than in years past," said Stephenson, who ran Sen. Joni Ernst's analytics
operation in 2014.

Though Clinton is showing strength in previous Republican strongholds such as
Arizona, the signs that Ohio and Iowa -- both blue states in 2008 and 2012 --
could flip to red could point to a reshuffling of the political map, rather than
an overwhelming Democratic wave.

"There could be a realignment happening of our politics. Appalachia and the
Midwest may form the new base for the Republican Party," McDonald said. "If that
is true, our past history suggests that the parties are going to shift their
policy stances to reflect their coalitions."

Dips in turnout can be interpreted as a lack of enthusiasm for one candidate or
another. But it may also reflect logistical barriers.

In North Carolina, for example, turnout among black voters, a core Democratic
constituency, was down compared with 2012 levels. But analysts attributed that
to a limited number of in-person polling places open early in key counties;
in-person voting sites dramatically increased in the state on Thursday.

There are limitations to the clues that early-voting returns can offer. Party
affiliation does not necessarily represent how people actually voted, and the
growing prevalence of Americans unaffiliated with a party adds another layer of
complication.

"Donald Trump is not winning every Republican and Hillary Clinton is not winning
every Democrat this cycle," Stephenson said. "Just comparing these numbers
1-to-1 is not going to tell you where these candidates might stand."

But for campaigns and outside analysts, early-voting data -- coupled with other
metrics such as polling -- can paint a fairly convincing picture of how this
election will shake out.

"I look at poll averages as one indicator as to direction of election. The early
vote is another indicator," McDonald said. "When the two indicators are pointing
in the same direction, it gives you more confidence about where the election is
heading."

--

melanie.mason@latimes.com

Twitter: @melmason

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 9:41 AM EST

Biden on Weiner: 'I'm not a big fan'

BYLINE: By Daniella Diaz, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 944 words

DATELINE: Washington


Vice President Joe Biden is "not a big fan" of disgraced former Rep. Anthony
Weiner.

In a wide-ranging interview with CNN's Michael Smerconish -- in which Biden also
discussed life after the vice presidency, the Supreme Court and Donald Trump --
the vice president said FBI Director James Comey should release the newly
discovered emails that are connected to the bureau's probe of Hillary Clinton's
private server.

Law enforcement sources told CNN Friday that a probe into Weiner triggered the
review of the emails. The FBI and the New York Police Department have opened
preliminary investigations of allegations that Weiner exchanged sexually
explicit text messages with a purportedly underage girl.

"I think Hillary -- if she said, what I'm told she said, is correct -- release
the emails. For the whole world to see," Biden said in the interview, a portion
of which was released Friday night.

"To the best of my knowledge, it won't prejudice the investigation, but that's
the stilted language the agency always uses," he continued. "And it doesn't mean
anything. It's unfortunate."

Weiner, the former Democratic representative from New York, recently separated
from top Clinton aide Huma Abedin in light of the sexting incident over the
summer.

When asked about Weiner's involvement in the emails, Biden said he didn't want
to comment.

"Well, oh God, Anthony Weiner," Biden said. "I should not comment on Anthony
Weiner. I'm not a big fan. I wasn't before he got in trouble. So I shouldn't
comment on Anthony Weiner."

When asked if the renewed Clinton email controversy made Biden regret not
running for president, he defended his decision to stay out of the election.

"I thought I could beat Hillary. I thought I could beat anybody that ran. No one
should run for president unless they think they can do that," Biden replied. "I
didn't run for one simple, overarching reason: My son was dying and he died.
That's the total reason. I have great respect for Hillary."

On life after the vice presidency

He was also asked about reports that he was on a list of possible choices for
secretary of state if Clinton were to win the White House.

"I will do anything that she wants if she's elected president to help her. But
I'm not looking to be in the administration. It's time for me to move on," Biden
said.

He also said he's not considering a role on the Supreme Court, either.

"Look, Michael, there's a lot of things I want to do -- cancer moonshot, other
things I want to work on, and I'm not going away. I plan on being as deeply
engaged as I am now in the capacity of a citizen that has more of a platform and
the ability to convene people," Biden said.

Biden and the working class

Smerconish asked Biden, who received a standing ovation at a Philadelphia Eagles
game in September, why he is so popular among the working class of the United
States.

"Look, it's where I come from, Michael," Biden said. "I think that both parties,
we pay attention in terms of policy but not in terms of our attention ...
They're not looking for anybody to be sorry for them. They want people to
recognize this is a struggle."

He said Trump hasn't done anything for the working class in the United States.

"People are upset and angry. They hate the dysfunction of Washington. Trump
comes along and talks about how he's going to change all that, he's this breath
of fresh air. And then people started to see who he is," Biden said. "Donald
Trump's offering nothing, nothing, zero for those folks."

Biden acknowledged that Americans don't trust Clinton, but said "fewer people"
trust Trump.

"Look at the polls," Biden said. "Fewer people trust him than trust her. And so
this is not a case where one person is really trusted and another person isn't."

Merrick Garland

Biden said that if Clinton is elected president, she should renominate federal
appeals court judge Merrick Garland as a Supreme Court justice. His nomination
has stalled in the Republican-controlled Senate since President Barack Obama
nominated him to succeed late Justice Antonin Scalia in March.

"I think she should stick with Garland, but that's her choice," Biden said.

On Donald Trump

Smerconish asked Biden about his comment last week when he said he wished he
"could take (Trump) behind the gym" in light of the GOP nominee's vulgar
comments about women that surfaced earlier this month.

"I was making a point," Biden said. "I think it's insulting to say ... that we
talk like that. This is not 'locker room talk.' And you know as well as I know
Michael ... if somebody in the locker room talked that way, and your sister's
outside with her friends, you know what you do. You know what you do. You don't
let it go on."

Biden also slammed Trump's leaked 2005 hot mic conversation, where he bragged
about being able to grope women because he is a celebrity. Trump defended it as
a "locker room talk," but Biden called it sexual assault.

"We have to change the culture in which we talk about women and we treat women.
It's essential," Biden said. "And it's been something that's been one of the
causes of my life. And here's the guy who says, 'Because I am a star' --
implicitly -- 'Because I have a lot of money, I can walk out and grope any woman
I want.' That is a textbook definition of sexual assault ... Think how crude
this campaign has become."

Biden said Trump is "fully unqualified" to be president. But he insisted that if
Trump becomes the next commander in chief, he would be willing to lend a hand.

"I'm going to stay involved as much as I possibly can. This is the time after
(November) 9, after the election is over, no matter who wins, reach out," he
said, adding, "I pray that doesn't happen. I want Hillary to be president."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 12:20 PM EST

Why this ex-con trucker set up a campaign office for Donald Trump

BYLINE: Chris Moody, Video by Alexander Rosen, Alice Yu, and Amy Marino, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 487 words

DATELINE: Scranton, Pennsylvania


With the presidential election just days away, Republican nominee Donald Trump's
best hope for winning a term in the White House could rest in the hands of
voters from Pennsylvania, a state that hasn't chosen a candidate from his party
in nearly 30 years.

With 20 Electoral College votes at stake here, Trump could win nearly every
other "toss-up" state -- including important battlegrounds like Florida, Ohio
and North Carolina -- and still lose the election if he doesn't carry
Pennsylvania.

And because Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton appears to have the state's
densely populated urban areas like Pittsburgh and Philadelphia locked in her
favor, Trump needs Pennsylvania's rural areas and smaller, working-class cities
like Scranton to come out on top.

The problem? Republicans are outnumbered by registered Democrats by almost a
million votes.

"The joke around here is that if you vote Republican on Tuesday, you've got to
go to confession on Saturday," said Vince Galko, a veteran Republican strategist
in Pennsylvania who has worked on former President George W. Bush's re-election
effort here. "Voters in this part of the state have been trained over the years
to pull that straight Democratic lever, so it's a challenge for Republicans to
get people to split their ticket."

The registration gap, however, has shrunk this election season. About 100,000
Democrats have switched their party identification to Republican, according the
Pennsylvania Department of State, outnumbering the nearly 40,000 Republicans who
became Democrats.

Trump's campaign has made a concerted effort to make inroads among working-class
Democrats here, a voting group he'll need to win the state.

Trump's "America First" message is resonating with longtime Democrats like
Debbie Merrigan, a server at the Bucktown Diner in nearby Dunmore who switched
her party identification during the last election cycle.

Merrigan said she believes immigrants are receiving special treatment from the
government at the expense of natural-born Americans, and worries about the
influx of refugees fleeing war-torn Syria.

"I've always been Democrat. I switched," said Merrigan. "I'm all for Trump.
You've got people coming over. ISIS. It's scary, and you don't know when it's
going to happen. With Trump, he can actually do something to stop it and
hopefully build a better life for us Americans."

Trump and his vice presidential nominee, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, have made
several trips to the area, but it might not be enough to tip the scales here.
Polls have consistently shown Clinton leading in the state, and a Bloomberg Poll
taken in October found Clinton leading in Philadelphia's four suburban counties
by 28 percentage points.

"The real issue is intensity versus registration. Can Donald Trump's intensity
overtake the Democrats registration?" said Galko. "He can't match the Democrats
registration, but he's hoping Democrats can't match his intensity."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 8:00 AM EST

Life as a Republican after #NeverTrump

BYLINE: By Cassie Spodak, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 660 words

DATELINE: Washington


Tucked away in the bookshelves of Gordon Humphrey's office are mementos from the
failed presidential campaign for a candidate he calls "the only adult in the
room."

The former US senator was a delegate for Ohio Gov. John Kasich and never came
around to Donald Trump -- actively fighting to stop Trump's nomination as the
party's presidential nominee at the Republican National Convention this summer.

Now Humphrey says he will leave the Republican Party if Trump wins, and is
grappling with the fact that he may vote for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton
next month.

"I never in my wildest nightmare thought that I might vote for Hillary Clinton,
but in my wildest nightmare, I never imagined anyone as creepy as Donald Trump,"
Humphrey told CNN from his home in Chichester, New Hampshire.

It's a feeling echoed by many voters across the country, frustrated by a choice
between two candidates with record-low favorability ratings.

The 76-year-old New Hampshire conservative still believes Kasich would have made
a "wonderful" president and was wistful as he sifted through old Kasich
pamphlets.

Humphrey reflected on how well he got to know Kasich on the campaign trail,
better than any other presidential candidates he'd campaigned with before,
including Ronald Reagan.

Kasich spokesman Chris Schrimpf told CNN it is "impossible to describe the work
and passion Senator Humphrey gave to the campaign."

"We would be driving through a town in the bus and it would be dark and snowing,
we would look out the window and see Senator Humphrey in our headlights on the
side of the road putting up yard signs. No job was too big or too small for the
senator," Schrimpf told CNN. "Through all his work, Sen. Humphrey never asked
for anything in return. I believe many of the young staff were inspired and
humbled by Senator Humphrey. Here was a two-term US senator willing to do
anything for Gov. Kasich and wanting nothing."

Humphrey dedicated himself to Kasich's campaign even after his home state's
primary, where Kasich got a surprise second place, briefly boosting his
prospects.

For Humphrey, he was then on to Ohio -- the only primary state that Kasich won
outright -- and then California, which is where he was texting back and forth
with Kasich's senior advisers, arguing against dropping out.

With the primary now long over, Kasich himself has refused to endorse or say he
will vote for Trump, though he has not gone as far as Humphrey in criticizing
the Republican Party for supporting the divisive nominee.

Humphrey told CNN that Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus
should have found a way to force Trump out early on, and that he should resign
from his position.

He is particularly frustrated by a tweet that Priebus sent out after Trump's
victory in the Indiana primary in early May, calling him the "presumptive
nominee," which was quickly followed by Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, and then Kasich,
suspending their campaigns.

Humphrey was a fervent #NeverTrump member and was still hoping as late as
mid-October that the GOP would find a different nominee.

Humphrey says he doesn't regret any of his efforts, as futile as they were.

"I've been involved in public life 40 years in one capacity or another, and
there have been times that I've doubted whether what I was doing was the right
thing, but in this instance, I have no doubt whatever. Donald Trump is a nut.
He's a kook. He's a creep," Humphrey told CNN. "He can read nice things from a
teleprompter, but we saw for a year, pre-teleprompter, what the real Donald
Trump was like and is like."

Humphrey told CNN he understands the frustration behind many voters' support for
Trump, but says that's no excuse.

"I will not vote for him," Humphrey told CNN. "If the contest is close, I will
vote for Hillary Clinton. I'm no great fan of hers, but she is sane and he's
nuts. Or if she's well ahead, I'll write in John Kasich," Humphrey said. "If
Trump is in charge of the party after the election, I will leave."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               10 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 2:26 PM EST

Clinton to make a campaign stop in Arizona next week

BYLINE: By Naomi Lim, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: Washington


Hillary Clinton is set to campaign in the traditionally red state of Arizona
just days before Election Day, her campaign announced Friday.

"Clinton will lay out what is at stake in the election," the campaign said in a
statement announcing the November 2 event in Phoenix. "With more people voting
in this election than any in history, Clinton will urge Arizona voters to take
advantage of in-person early voting."

Clinton's campaign stop in Arizona is part of a concerted effort to turn the
traditionally conservative state blue in the last weeks leading up to November
8.

With the latest polling coming out of Arizona suggesting that Clinton and
Republican opponent Donald Trump are in a statistical tie, a flurry of
high-profile Democrats have made appearances at rallies in the Grand Canyon
State -- including First Lady Michelle Obama, Sen. Bernie Sanders and Chelsea
Clinton.

The Clinton campaign's investment in Arizona seems to be paying dividends with
promising early voting turnout among Democrats. Registered Democrats this week
were reportedly outpacing their Republican counterparts by about 4,000 votes.

Then-Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney trounced President Barack Obama
in Arizona by 9 points in 2012.

The last time the state voted to put a Democrat in the White House was Bill
Clinton in 1996.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               11 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 6:06 PM EST

Clinton aims to shore up Wisconsin with new TV ads

BYLINE: By Theodore Schleifer, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 284 words

DATELINE: Washington


Hillary Clinton will begin airing television ads this weekend in Wisconsin, a
state where she has yet to appear on television, as she works to lock down a
state seemingly in her column.

Clinton's buy arrives a few days before a return visit by vice presidential
nominee Tim Kaine to the state on Tuesday, and is an attempt in part to shore up
the Wisconsin Senate race, where Russ Feingold enjoys a solid lead over
incumbent Ron Johnson. A media buying source said that the initial reservations
by the campaign were small, and the Clinton campaign described it as merely a
"six-figure" buy.

"Wisconsin Democrats have competitive races to win across the state and Hillary
Clinton is committed to electing Russ Feingold and Democrats up and down the
ballot to help her make a real difference for families in Wisconsin," said
Clinton state director Jake Hajdu.

The buys could represent some concern about Clinton's performance in the state,
but could also be merely a luxury investment given the $62 million in the
campaign's coffers as of Oct. 20.

Clinton herself has not visited Wisconsin during the general election and Kaine
hasn't been there since August. Although Donald Trump once professed the state
as part of his path to victory, Clinton has consistently held a 5- to 10-point
lead there.

The Clinton investment also coincides with increased GOP attention to Johnson,
who has largely been abandoned by national Republicans in favor of other
competitive Senate races. Some polls have shown Johnson's support growing, and
the super PAC aligned with Democratic leadership, Senate Majority PAC, said
Friday that they would begin a $2 million campaign in the state on Monday after
being absent from the airwaves.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               12 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 6:22 PM EST

Biden rules out being a potential Clinton secretary of state

BYLINE: By Elise Labott, Jeff Zeleny and Kevin Liptak, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 319 words


Vice President Joe Biden on Friday ruled out the possibility he would be
secretary of state in a potential Hillary Clinton administration after reports
that he had been mentioned for the job.

"I'll do anything I can if Hillary's elected to help her, but I don't want to
remain in the administration," Biden told CNN affiliate KBJR. He added that
Clinton has not yet reached out to him about a potential role.

"I have no intention of staying involved. I have a lot of things to do, but I'll
help her if I can in any way I can," Biden added.

A Biden aide pointed out that the vice president has made similar comments about
declining a role in a potential Clinton administration for weeks.

Sources connected to the campaign and the transition team said earlier Friday
that Biden's name had been mentioned, among others, for the high-profile role.

Those sources also cautioned that his name is one among many under consideration
to be presented to Clinton in the event of forming a cabinet.

Officially, the Clinton campaign is not commenting on Biden's name being on the
list, first reported by Politico on Thursday, and campaign advisers have said
this is not being discussed in the campaign.

This is part of the transition discussion and does not reflect any final
decision.

Asked about the possibility earlier Friday, sources close to Biden said this is
the first that they had heard of it.

Biden has been aggressively campaigning for Clinton, but he has frequently said
he is interested in moving to a new chapter of his life beyond his career in
government.

Clinton and Donald Trump both have transition teams in place who are making
lists and recommendations for Cabinet members and other appointments.

Clinton has ordered her aides to not discuss the transition, for fear of looking
beyond Election Day. She has declined to discuss any thoughts she is having, but
has started assembling a list of potential Chiefs of staff.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               13 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BRAND ON THE RUN Trump's business name is mud after dirty '16 'Vote with feet'
and avoid his hotels

BYLINE: BY ADAM EDELMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With David Fishman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 662 words


DONALD TRUMP'S proposals and campaign rhetoric have likely cooked his personal
brand, marketing and branding experts say.

After more than 16 months of railing against women, Latinos, African-Americans,
Muslims, the disabled and other groups - and the emergence of video showing him
boasting about sexual assault, and the subsequent harassment allegations against
him - the GOP nominee's eponymously branded properties and products are
receiving notably less business.

And it's likely to stay that way past the election.

"Trump's message resonates with his core constituents, but it repels most other
people. We will see roughly, on Nov. 8, how the difference is split in the
voting booths, politically. And after Nov. 8, people will vote with their feet -
by not going to Trump properties and hotels," said Karen Tiber Leland, the
founder of Sterling Marketing Group, a San Francisco-based branding firm.

Trump's constant attacks, and overall negative messaging had already damaged his
brand equity, Leland, author of "The Brand Mapping Strategy," explained.

But the release earlier this month of an 11-year-old "Access Hollywood" tape of
Trump boasting on a hot mic of groping women may have marked a flashpoint where
both voters and consumers experienced an irreversible shift in their
relationship with Trump's personal brand - a vital asset for someone who uses
his name to market himself.

"It was an interaction with a personal brand where it stopped being about
politics to a large group of people and it started being about something very
near and dear to them - the safety and respect of themselves and their family
members," said Leland.

"Brand equity is driven by how you are perceived," she added. "Samsung, for
example is having a branding problem because their phones are blowing up,"
Leland said, referencing recent reports that the company's Galaxy S7 phones
have, in some cases, exploded. "Trump blew up, too. Same branding problem with
him now, too."

Statistics from various research firms back up the claim.

Foot traffic to Trump-branded hotels, casinos and golf courses in the U.S.,
relative to competing locations, fell 19% in September from September 2014,
according to Foursquare data, which tracks the visits to leisure spots and
restaurants of its 50 million users. Unsurprisingly, the decrease was most
substantial among women in Democratic-leaning states.

Meanwhile, hotel bookings at Trump properties have fallen 59% from spring 2015,
according to a June Priceonomics analysis using data from travel website
Hipmunk. Trump hotels in New York City and Las Vegas saw, on average, their
bookings fall by more than 70%, the data showed.

And rooms at Trump's newest property - the Trump International Hotel in
Washington, in the Old Post Office pavilion blocks from the White House - have
been heavily discounted to fill vacancies.

At Trump's ribbon-cutting ceremony at the property on Wednesday, several
passersby vowed they would never stay there, citing his political views.

"I wouldn't even go to the bathroom there," Tom Smerling, a retired hotel
worker, said. "I don't want to do anything to support Trump or the Trump brand.
I think he's the most hateful politician we've ever seen at the presidential
level, and I don't want to do anything to support that."

Edward Erikson, a political consultant who happened to be walking by the
ceremony, said he would stay at any other luxury hotel in the area as long as it
didn't don "The Donald's" name.

"I would stay at the Hay-Adams; I would stay at the Ritz-Carlton," he said.

Others said they would try to avenge the damage they felt Trump had done to the
U.S., not just at the ballot box, but by withholding their checkbooks.

"We must hit him hard not just in the election, but economically. I would love
to see all his businesses fail because he brings out the worst in America," D.C.
resident David Elizondo said.

A spokeswoman for the Trump Organization maintained that the "Trump brand
remains incredibly strong."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Trump as a brand has been seriously damaged by the presidential
hopeful's vile comments about women and minorities, according to experts. DAILY
NEWS PHOTO ILLUSTRATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                               14 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 12:22 PM EST

Davy Crockett to Donald Trump: 'What in the world is wrong with you?'

BYLINE: By Vanessa Yurkevich, Chris Moody, Video by Alexander Rosen, Alice Yu,
and Amy Marino, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: Bulls Gap, Tennessee


President Barack Obama was on a visit to Tennessee last summer to promote the
Affordable Care Act, when he met Davy Crockett.

Crockett, a middle-aged man with a tuft of thick brown hair who speaks slowly
due to complications with multiple sclerosis, was desperate. He told the
President that despite his illness, he had been turned down four times for
Social Security benefits and he asked Obama for help.

"Is there anything you can do?" Crockett pleaded.

Obama promised to look into it. Then, in a moment that would overshadow much of
the media coverage of his trip, Obama broke into song, crooning, "The Ballad of
Davy Crockett."

"Y'all remember that TV show?" he said.

Most of the stories written about the encounter focused on how the President
sang a funny song to a man with a famous name, but Crockett's plight was largely
forgotten.

At the time, Crockett was struggling with little hope in sight. His father had
recently died. He was unable to work due to the illness and he had lost his
family's land and childhood home due to foreclosure, forcing him to live in a
horse trailer owned by a family friend.

More than a year later, CNN returned to Bulls Gap, a small, picturesque town
surrounded by rolling green hills and farmland in the northeast corner of this
deep red Tennessee.

"I didn't think Obama would help me," Crockett, who claims to have ancestral
ties with the famous 19th century congressman, said. "He's the President of the
United States."

Two weeks after his meeting with Obama, Crockett said, he received a letter from
the Social Security Administration. After months of of being turned down for
benefits, his requests had finally been approved. Obama had come through.

Crockett, who walks with the help of a cane and continues to fight the
increasing symptoms of his disease, has moved out of the horse trailer and into
an apartment in nearby Greeneville. He occasionally works with a day program for
people with disabilities, which has helped keep him busy since he left his job
in a factory building bombs for the military.

For the past year, he has followed the presidential race closely. But
politically, Crockett, whose county overwhelmingly supported Mitt Romney over
Obama in 2012, is in the minority. He plans to support Democratic nominee
Hillary Clinton. As a man with a disability, Crockett took notice last November
when Republican nominee Donald Trump appeared to mock a journalist at a rally
who suffers from a bone disease the restricts the use of his joints. The video
of Trump's theatrical mimicking of the reporter, which a pro-Clinton super PAC
used in an ad this year, infuriated Crockett.

"I was mad," Crockett said. "Donald makes fun of people that have the stuff like
I have, I said to myself, I said, 'I don't want to vote for this man and I said
I hope Hillary gets it.'"

Crockett said that even though he was able to meet one president, he probably
won't have another chance in the future. But if he met Trump, he said, the
meeting probably wouldn't be as cordial.

"If I got to meet Donald Trump I would say, what makes you think that you should
deserve to be president? I'd say, I have MS, and you're going to make fun of
people that have a disease and sickness? What in the world is wrong with you?"

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               15 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                CA CHASE EDITION

Memo links Bill Clinton's wealth to his foundation;
Consultancy run by aide helped land gigs

BYLINE: Eliza Collins, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 583 words


In a 2011 memo, an aide to Bill Clinton laid out the messy relationship between
the Clinton Foundation and the former president's personal interests, detailing
how some foundation donors also paid Clinton to speak and provide consulting
services.

The memo was released on Wednesday as part of a WikiLeaks dump of Hillary
Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta's hacked emails.

Doug Band, a long-time aide to Bill Clinton, wrote the 2011 memo as part of an
internal audit at the Clinton Foundation. In trying to explain his role in the
foundation, Band also brought up a series of instances he and his consulting
company, Teneo Holdings, helped Bill Clinton secure for-profit contracts.

The memo,  circulated to some in Clinton's inner circle including Podesta,
reinforces Republican criticisms of the blurred lines between the foundation and
professional interests of the Clintons and their associates.

"Independent of our fundraising and decision-making activities on behalf of the
Foundation, we have dedicated ourselves to helping the President secure and
engage in for-profit activities -- including speeches, books, and advisory
service engagements," Band wrote. "In that context, we have in effect served as
agents, lawyers, managers and implementers to secure speaking, business and
advisory service deals. In support of the President's for-profit activity, we
also have solicited and obtained, as appropriate, in-kind services for the
President and his family -- for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the
like."

At one point, Band referred to the former president's  enterprises as "Bill
Clinton, Inc."

Band said he and Justin Cooper, another long-time aide, weren't separately
compensated for helping Bill Clinton profit: "We do not receive a fee for, or
percentage of, the more than $50million in for-profit activity we have
personally helped to secure for President Clinton to date or the $66 million in
future contracts, should he choose to continue with those engagements."

Band offered specific examples of donors who also worked with Bill Clinton in a
private capacity.

Band noted that Laureate International Universities was a foundation donor,
having given $1.4 million at the time. The for-profit college network ultimately
retained the former president as an adviser, paying him millions of dollars over
several years.

"Laureate is a Foundation relationship that evolved into a personal advisory
services business relationship for President Clinton," Band wrote in the memo.
He said he began managing the relationship which Teneo partners took over in
2011, and which Band said "is very time-consuming. Laureate pays President
Clinton $3.5 million annually to provide advice and serve as their Honorary
Chairman."

Another Teneo client, GEMS education, had donated approximately $780,000 by the
time the memo was written in 2011.

"Gems approached President Clinton in 2009 to seek his personal services as an
advisor to the company," Band wrote. "Justin and I convinced them to initiate a
relationship to the Foundation, which they did; that relationship has grown into
a business relationship for President Clinton and a donor relationship for CGI."

A  Teneo spokesman forwarded a statement to USA TODAY.

"As the memo demonstrates, Teneo worked to encourage clients, where appropriate,
to support the Clinton Foundation because of the good work that it does around
the world. It also clearly shows that Teneo never received any financial benefit
or benefit of any kind from doing so."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               16 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 12:57 PM EST

When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape, Donald Trump came to his defense

BYLINE: By David Shortell and Miguel Marquez, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 370 words


Three days after an Indiana jury convicted boxer Mike Tyson of rape, Donald
Trump defended the heavyweight champ.

Tyson was found guilty of raping 18-year-old Desiree Washington, a Miss Black
America contestant, in a hotel room. After the 1992 verdict, Trump argued that
Tyson didn't necessarily deserve prison time.

"I'm totally opposed to obviously what happened. I'm a very strong believer in
harsh punishment," Trump said. "But we think it's probably, in this particular
case, a lot more good can be done by having Mike Tyson pay a substantial award
both to the victim subject to court approval and creating a ward for people that
were abused or raped in the state of Indiana."

The next week, in an interview with NBC News, Trump seemed to blame the victim.

"You have a young woman that was in his room, his hotel room late in the evening
at her own will. You have a young woman who was seen dancing for the beauty
contest [the next day], dancing with a big smile on her face, looked happy as
could be," Trump said.

Trump repeated his claim about Tyson's rape conviction in print, radio and
television interviews. Trump's campaign did not respond when CNN asked about
defending Tyson, proposing an alternative punishment and blaming the victim.

Trump's efforts didn't keep Tyson out of prison. He was sentenced to six years.
He served three.

Tyson was an investment worth protecting for Trump: The young fighter had won
some of his biggest victories at Trump-sponsored bouts in Atlantic City, N.J.,
earning the future Republican presidential nominee millions.

"Tyson was really the behemoth of the sport," said Seth Abraham, a former HBO
Sports executive. "Understandably Trump wanted to have the Rolls Royce of the
boxing business."

Along with the infamous promoter Don King, Trump brought Tyson to Atlantic City
for four title fights in the late 1980s.

But for Tyson and Trump, the hot streak didn't last. By late 1990, "Iron" Mike
had lost his crown and Trump's Atlantic City casinos were in the red.

Tyson came out in support for Trump's candidacy in 2015, after which Trump
expressed approval at a rally.

"I love it. He sent out a tweet. Mike. Iron Mike," Trump said. "You know, all
the tough guys endorse me. I like that, OK?"

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               17 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 12:41 PM EST

Trump takes aim at Ohio governor John Kasich: He's 'not gotten over' his primary
defeat

BYLINE: By Andrew Kaczynski, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 255 words


With fewer than two weeks until Election Day, Donald Trump is going after John
Kasich, criticizing the Ohio governor for not backing him after the Republican
presidential primary.

In an interview with Ohio television station WHIO, Trump was asked about
Kasich's criticisms of him and his refusal to back him for president.

"Well, it's very disappointing," Trump said. "The governor was an opponent of
mine during the primaries. And I understand, he took a, it was a very big defeat
for him, he took a very big defeat and he went down hard. But he did sign a
pledge and he didn't honor the pledge. You know, that's up to him, there were a
couple of people that didn't sign."

"They signed the pledge but they didn't honor it," Trump continued. "Jeb Bush
was another one. So I'm disappointed, I'm very disappointed, but I think the
people of Ohio get it. We are leading in the polls and I have great respect for
the people of Ohio. They understand what's happening, but I'm very disappointed
in the governor. He signed a pledge, he didn't honor it. He took a big, he took
a big defeat and he has not gotten over it."

In the latest CNN/ORC poll, Trump led Clinton in Ohio by three percentage
points.

Kasich had declined to endorse Trump in the months after he the primary ended.
After the release of a 2005 audio tape showing Trump making sexually aggressive
comments about women, Kasich announced in a statement he would not vote for the
GOP nominee, saying, "Nothing that has happened in the last 48 hours is
surprising to me or many others."

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               18 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

BUSINESS BEAT;
Clinton says little about AT&T deal

BYLINE: Ryan Faughnder

SECTION: BUSINESS; Entertainment Desk; Part C; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 274 words


Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said she will expect "thorough"
regulatory scrutiny of AT&T's proposed purchase of Time Warner Inc. for $85.4
billion -- but didn't go as far as her Republican rival.

"It raises questions and concerns, and they should be looked into," Clinton told
reporters Wednesday on a plane ride to New York from campaigning in Florida.

Clinton is the latest politician to weigh in on the deal, announced over the
weekend, which is likely to face a challenging quest for government approval.
Republican nominee Donald Trump has already said his administration would block
the deal if he were to prevail in the election.

The Senate antitrust subcommittee will hold a hearing on the deal next month,
according to Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah), the panel's chairman, and Sen. Amy
Klobuchar (D-Minn.), the top Democrat.

Clinton called the planned review "appropriate."

"I'm going to follow up closely, and obviously if I'm fortunate to be the
president, I will expect the government to conduct a very thorough analysis
before making a decision," she said.

Lawmakers including Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.)
have expressed reservations about the deal's potential effects on consumers.
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), Clinton's former competitor for the Democratic
nomination, has encouraged the government to kill the deal.

AT&T, based in Dallas, is one of the nation's largest telecommunications firms,
and its acquisition of New York-based Time Warner -- which owns HBO, the Warner
Bros. studio and Turner Broadcasting -- would make it the nation's biggest
entertainment company.

--

ryan.faughnder@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               19 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

Putin denies hacking claims;
Allegations that Russia is meddling in U.S. election are 'utter nonsense,' he
says.

BYLINE: Mansur Mirovalev

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Foreign Desk; Part A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 529 words

DATELINE:  MOSCOW


Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday vehemently rejected claims that
Moscow is tampering with the U.S. presidential election, and said it was "utter
nonsense" that the Kremlin favors Republican Donald Trump.

At the same time, Putin had kind words for Trump, saying that "he chose his
method of getting through to voters' hearts."

This month, the White House accused the Kremlin of masterminding cyberattacks on
the Democratic National Committee and leaking stolen emails. Democratic nominee
Hillary Clinton has called Trump a puppet of Putin's.

The Kremlin has denied the accusations, and Putin called them a ploy to divert
public attention from issues such as gun violence or the United States' growing
debt.

Presidential hopefuls "apparently have nothing to say, so it's much simpler to
distract people with presumed Russian hackers, spies and agents of influence and
so on," he said in televised remarks at a gathering in the Black Sea city of
Sochi.

"Does anybody seriously think that Russia can somehow influence the opinion of
the American people? Is America some banana country? America is a great power,"
Putin said.

In praising Trump, he said: "He, of course, acts extravagantly, we all see that,
but, I think, it's not that meaningless."

The Russian president was speaking at an annual forum of international foreign
policy experts.

Putin used the opportunity to sharply criticize the Obama administration over
its military involvement in Syria, and to call for a new Marshall Plan to
rebuild the Middle East.

"The colossal scope of destruction requires development of a long-term and
comprehensive program, a Marshall Plan of sorts, to revive the region torn by
wars and conflicts," Putin said. He was referring to the U.S. program of
financial and technical support to rebuild Western Europe after World War II.

Before its collapse in 1991, the Soviet Union showered Middle Eastern nations
that sympathized with communist or socialist doctrine with aid projects that
included construction of dams, export of technologies -- and a supply of
Soviet-made weapons at discounted prices or free of charge.

Under Putin, Russia has sought to reclaim its Soviet-era clout in the region.
Its major allies are Syria and Iran, but Sunni Arab nations have been alienated
by Moscow's support for primarily Shiite countries.

A cease-fire Washington and Moscow brokered in Syria collapsed in September, and
the Pentagon suspended its military cooperation with Russia, accusing it of
targeting civilians in besieged Aleppo.

Putin claimed the cease-fire fell apart because of Washington's inability to
distinguish between moderate opposition and radical jihadists, including Islamic
State's allies.

"It's a fact," Putin said resolutely. Instead of distinguishing between "the
healthy part of the opposition" and radical groups such as Al Nusra Front, "our
American partners ruined the truce," he said.

Russia has decades-long ties to Syria, and Moscow saved President Bashar Assad's
government by starting massive airstrikes on his opponents in September last
year and helping his troops regain some key areas, including the ancient city of
Palmyra.

--

Mirovalev is a special correspondent.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               20 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Trump tramples on sacred Lincoln ground

BYLINE: Paul Brandus

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 492 words


That Donald Trump ventured to hallowed ground once trod by Abraham Lincoln
naturally invites comparisons. One Trump supporter asked his Twitter followers
to vote on who gave the better speech at Gettysburg. Trump won, of course, by a
landslide. Talk about rigged.

Not that there weren't similarities. Both men spoke on days ending in the letter
"y." Both were in Pennsylvania, and the weather was good. It was pretty nice on
Saturday, and when Lincoln visited on Nov. 19, 1863, "the sky was cloudless,"
one eyewitness said. But that's about it.

Lincoln uttered about 275 words in fewer than three mesmerizing, poignant
minutes. "The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here," he
said humbly. He couldn't have been more wrong.

Trump began by spending four times as long -- 13 minutes -- listing his
grievances. He singled out all the women who have accused him of improper
behavior or sexual assault. On the very day he was channeling his inner Lincoln,
a former porn actress named Jessica Drake said Trump offered her $10,000 to come
back to his room after they met in Lake Tahoe in 2006. "All of these liars will
be sued after the election is over," Trump vowed.

Gettysburg was the turning point of the Civil War, but this wasn't necessarily
evident when Lincoln appeared. He spoke with humility about whether the American
Experiment would survive. "We are engaged in a great civil war," he said,
"testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can
long endure." He was burdened by division and hatred.

"President Lincoln served in a time of division like we've never seen before,"
Trump said, adding, in a rare display of eloquence, "It is my hope that we can
look at his example to heal the divisions we are living through right now. We
are a very divided nation."

Trump should know. He has spent a year and a half dividing it.

Lincoln dreamed, prayed for a nation "dedicated to the proposition that all men
are created equal." Trump, with his religious tests, misogyny and ethnic
stereotyping, thinks some are more equal than others.

"It is my privilege to be here in Gettysburg, hallowed ground where so many
lives were given in service to freedom," he said. A nice sentiment that he then
trampled on by saying that the democracy so many died for is a sham -- broken,
rigged and conspiring specifically against him.

Trump has said more than once that he would be the greatest president ever,
except for Honest Abe. That's as laughable as it gets, until you consider what
Donald Trump Jr. recently said: that given the scope of his dad's career, the
presidency would be a "step down."

I've got news for you, son. For Lincoln and all the others, the presidency was
not a step down. It was the highest honor of a lifetime.

Paul Brandus, founder and White House bureau chief of West Wing Reports, is the
author of Under This Roof: The White House and the Presidency, and a member of
USA TODAY's Board of Contributors.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               21 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 2:21 PM EST

Obama makes a promise about his wife

BYLINE: By Kevin Liptak, CNN White House Producer

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 335 words


She might be the breakout star of this year's campaign trail, but First Lady
Michelle Obama won't be making the jump from surrogate to candidate.

That's according to her husband, who firmly told a radio show his wife "will
never run for office."

"She is as talented and brilliant a person as there is, and I could not be
prouder of her, but Michelle does not have the patience or the inclination to
actually be a candidate herself, and that's one thing you all can take to the
bank," President Barack Obama said on the "Sway in the Morning" show in an
interview that aired Friday, part of a get-out-the-vote push for Hillary
Clinton.

Michelle Obama has become a powerful surrogate for Clinton, appearing at large
rallies in battlegrounds and denouncing Republican nominee Donald Trump.

She made her first joint appearance with Clinton on Thursday in North Carolina,
where she praised her fellow first lady and issued a warning about being
deterred from voting.

Undecided? Find your presidential match

"That's the strategy -- to make this election so dirty and ugly that we don't
want any part of it," she said. "So when you hear folks talking about a global
conspiracy and saying that this election is rigged, understand that they are
trying to get you to stay home. They are trying to convince you that your vote
doesn't matter, that the outcome has already been determined and you shouldn't
even bother making your voice heard."

Many Democrats have expressed an eagerness for the first lady to utilize her
powerful speaking skills and wealth of popularity to make a bid for office
herself. But she's consistently expressed a distaste for politics, even
revealing she didn't want her husband to enter political life.

The President said in the interview Thursday the first lady would instead remain
focused on the issues she's championed as first lady, including education for
girls.

"We're going to be doing a lot of work, we'll just be doing it in a different
way," he said.

RELATED: Michelle Obama goes off on Donald Trump

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               22 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

LOS ANGELES;
Man who smashed up Trump's star is arrested

BYLINE: Brittny Mejia

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 527 words


James Otis said he planned to turn himself in for damaging Donald Trump's star
on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

But before doing that, he told the media early Thursday, he would hold a news
conference at the scene of the crime -- where a replacement star had been
installed.

L.A. police were having none of that. Hours before the planned event, officers
from the Los Angeles Police Department's Hollywood station arrested Otis on
suspicion of smashing up the star.

Otis, a Beverly Hills resident, said he took a sledgehammer and pick to Trump's
star the day before, causing damage that police estimated at $2,500. The offense
would be considered felony vandalism, police said.

In a phone interview with a Times reporter Wednesday, Otis spoke of his disdain
for the Republican presidential candidate, business mogul and reality TV star.

"I just sort of had enough with Mr. Trump's aggressive language toward women and
his behavior, his sexual violence with women and against women," Otis said of
recent accusations against the GOP presidential nominee, allegations that Trump
has called false. "I've had personally in my own family four people who have
been assaulted or have had sexual violence happen to them. It all became very
personal."

Otis, who identified himself as the culprit in a report published by Deadline,
said he spent weeks planning his "nonviolent action," even going as far as
spending a couple of nights in Hollywood to scope out the area to pick a time
when he could do it "safely, carefully and successfully."

He called the action a "form of freedom of expression." Police called it a
crime.

Thursday afternoon, the LAPD formally identified Otis, 52, as the man booked on
suspicion of felony vandalism. Online jail records show Otis was being held in
lieu of $20,000 bail.

The attack on the sidewalk monument removed its TV emblem, some of the letters
of Trump's name and a little piece of the star, which Otis said he plans to
auction off on election day to raise money for the women who have accused Trump
of sexual assault, as well as for a college campus organization that is working
to stop sexual violence.

Otis said he would "gladly pay the damages to the site."

Otis said he remodels homes, teaches nonviolent direct action and has the
largest Dr. Seuss collection in the country.

A 2000 Times article reported on Otis' collection of mostly small works created
by Theodor "Dr. Seuss" Geisel between the 1920s and early 1990s.

Otis is no stranger to controversy. In 2009, a Times story detailed India's
efforts to halt an auction of Mohandas Gandhi items owned by Otis.

Otis bought the items, which included Gandhi's 1910 Zenith pocket watch, his
steel-rimmed eyeglasses and a brass bowl and plate, from the Gandhi family or at
auctions, he told The Times.

The article, which identified Otis as a Los Angeles-based pacifist and
documentary filmmaker, said Otis chose to sell the items because he hoped
publicity surrounding the sale would inspire the Obama administration and others
to pursue nonviolence.

He pledged to give most of the proceeds to groups espousing nonviolence.
Gandhi's items ultimately sold for $1.8 million.

--

brittny.mejia@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: DONALD TRUMP'S star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is covered
after being damaged by Beverly Hills resident James Otis. He called the action a
"form of freedom of expression"; police called it an act of vandalism.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Al Seib Los Angeles Times PHOTO: OTIS said he'd had his fill of
Trump's behavior.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Inform Inc.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               23 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Queens boy Cuomo rips boro's boor

BYLINE: BY Kenneth Lovett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 221 words


RETURNING TO his native Queens on Thursday for a county Democratic dinner, Gov.
Cuomo ripped into another politician born in the borough - GOP presidential
nominee Donald Trump.

Citing late Queens notables like his father, former Gov. Mario Cuomo, former
Rep. Geraldine Ferraro, the first woman vice presidential candidate, and former
Rep. Thomas Manton, Cuomo said 2016 would be the first time "they would probably
come to this microphone and tell you, 'Don't vote for the candidate from
Queens.' "

Cuomo, who grew up in the borough but now lives in Westchester County, said he
didn't even feel Trump truly came from Queens.

"You can't be from Queens and spew the venom that the man spews. You can't be
from Queens and talk about building walls when you know the mission of Queens is
building bridges ," he said.

Cuomo said Ferraro would be particularly proud to see Democrat Hillary Clinton
complete the "women's empowerment movement" Ferraro trail-blazed when she was
Walter Mondale's vice presidential candidate in 1984.

The governor also spoke of the importance of electing a Democratic Congress. The
Republican playbook, he said, is more gridlock in hopes of stopping the
government from functioning.

"They will frustrate Hillary Clinton the same way they frustrated Barack Obama,
and we can't give them that opportunity," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                               24 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 10:37 PM EST

Giuliani, Blitzer spar over Clinton email case

BYLINE: By Naomi Lim, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 315 words

DATELINE: Washington


Former New York City mayor and top Donald Trump surrogate Rudy Giulani got into
a heated exchange with CNN's Wolf Blitzer Friday over whether it was reasonable
for Hillary Clinton to not know some of the information she was sending in
emails was confidential.

"If she didn't know that 'C' meant confidential, she shouldn't be our secretary
of state," Giuliani told Blitzer on "The Situation Room."

"But there was no header saying classified information," Blitzer replied.

"It doesn't matter. You don't need a header. I looked at thousands of classified
documents, didn't have a header. It had a little 'C' on it," Giuliani responded.

"Every classified document has a header at the top of it and then it explains
what level of classification," Blitzer countered.

"It does not. And when you see a 'C', you know it means confidential
information," Giuliani said. "And when you don't see an 'A,' a 'B,' an 'E' or a
'F,' then you know it's not in alphabetical order. She used alphabetical order
as her explanation for why she didn't think the 'C' meant confidential. And
there were no other letters. Which means she lied to the FBI for which Martha
Stewart went to the jail."

While Giuliani welcomed the FBI's announcement Friday to look more closely into
Clinton's conduct as secretary of state, he said he would have to wait to see
what the new evidence was before having more faith in the bureau.

Giuliani also denied the system was "rigged" -- a statement that has become a
catchphrase for the Trump campaign -- only when it appeared to be working
against Trump's campaign.

"I don't know enough about what happened today. The system isn't only rigged
when it goes against me. The system is rigged when you come to a completely
illogical conclusion whether it's a Republican or a Democrat," said Giuliani,
referring to the FBI's decision in July to not recommend criminal charges in
Clinton's email case.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               25 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 8:34 AM EST

What are poll watchers and what are they allowed to do?

BYLINE: By Steve Vladeck, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 1702 words


With early voting underway in a growing number of states and Donald Trump
talking about a "rigged" election and warning about what he says will be voter
fraud, there have been significant discussions about "poll watchers," and
concerns that certain individuals may try to intimidate their fellow voters.

But what are the rules governing polling places and poll watchers?

As it turns out, the US Constitution gives states the power to regulate the
"time, place, and manner" of elections -- which means, in practical terms, that
most of the rules governing voting and polling places are made at the state
level -- and can therefore vary widely from one jurisdiction to the next.
Indeed, questions like whether you need a photo ID to vote, whether it's legal
to take a "ballot selfie," or whether you can wear campaign paraphernalia into
the voting booth don't currently have national answers, but instead depend upon
each state's widely varying rules.

Here's what you need to know:

1) Who/what is a poll watcher and why do states allow them?

The general idea behind poll watchers is that they help promote transparency and
openness ? not through their actions so much as by simply being in the room.
Most states (and the District of Columbia) allow at least some kind of observer
in polling places, but the rules for how poll watchers are picked (and by whom)
vary from state to state. Most importantly, poll watchers are not just
individuals who show up at the precinct on Election Day; virtually every
jurisdiction requires that official poll watchers be identified and approved in
advance?usually at least two weeks beforehand. And to avoid conflicts of
interest or the potential for implicit intimidation, most states do not allow
otherwise eligible law enforcement officers or state officials to serve as poll
watchers.

For example, in Florida, a poll watcher must be a registered voter in the county
in which they are observing a polling place. At each polling place, each
candidate is entitled to one poll watcher whose application has to be approved
in advance by the local supervisor of elections, so both the campaigns and local
government officials have a role in identifying the individuals who are allowed
to serve as poll watchers.

Requirements vary from state to state. Illinois allows two poll watchers per
candidate who are registered voters in the state and not necessarily the local
jurisdiction; Missouri's rules largely resemble Florida's, except that the poll
watchers are chosen by the chair of county committee of each political party;
North Carolina is the same, except that poll watchers must also be of "good
moral character"; and Pennsylvania allows watchers on behalf of both the
candidates and the political parties, so long as the watchers are registered to
vote in the same jurisdiction.

2) What are poll watchers allowed to do? What can't they do?

As the name suggests, poll watchers are generally expected to watch what happens
in individual polling places and not play an especially active role in the
actual voting process.

Poll watchers generally have two functions: Ensuring that all votes cast in that
polling place are counted correctly and reporting suspected irregularities to
local officials, be it the poll workers at the polling place, the election board
or some other body. This last point is the potential source for controversy,
because most states' laws allow poll watchers to challenge individual voters'
right to vote ? not directly, but through the poll workers ? which has provoked
concerns about poll watchers trying to intimidate voters.

Poll watchers in Florida are allowed to challenge the identity or right of a
person to vote in the county in question so long as they explain their reasons
for doing so under oath, and file the challenge with the clerk of the local
election board. If the challenge cannot be immediately resolved on site (for
example, by verifying that the voter appears on the local election roll), the
local election board is then supposed to have the challenged voter cast a
"provisional," rather than "regular" ballot ? which is usually supposed to be
counted once the voter's right to vote is confirmed. In practice, however, it is
often not counted until and unless it might make a difference (for example, as
part of a recount in a state in which the final margin is incredibly close). At
the same time, Florida law makes it a crime for a poll watcher to file a
"frivolous" challenge of any person's right to vote.

Illinois also allows challenges, but directs that they be resolved on site. If a
majority of the local "judges" (usually the poll workers) sustain the challenge,
the voter casts a provisional ballot. If the challenge is rejected, the voter
casts a regular ballot. Pennsylvania is the same, but, unlike Illinois or
Florida, does not have criminal penalties for bad-faith challenges. And Missouri
and North Carolina have a similar process ? except both contemplate that the
challenge will be resolved one way or the other on-site, such that the voter
will either be removed from the rolls or cast a legal vote.

Most states also allow poll watchers to count the voters ? and to report to
their respective candidate the identities of those who have voted in their
precinct. But there's a distinction between taking names and taking pictures;
most states prohibit poll watchers from taking any pictures or making any audio
recordings within the polling place.

3) Is this an intimidation technique?

Just about every state forbids poll watchers from any conduct that might tend to
intimidate voters ?including approaching voters and challenging them directly.

Voters are usually allowed to ask poll watchers who they are and who they
represent, and in some states, can also ask them for specific kinds of
assistance. But if poll watchers have concerns, they must always raise those
concerns with the poll workers in the polling place, and not with the voters
directly.

The Republican National Committee is currently under a court order prohibiting
it from conducting or funding "ballot security" measures that are designed to
intimidate minority voters, an order the Democratic National Committee this week
asked a court to extend to cover the Trump campaign.

4) Who else should you expect to see at your local polling place?

Every polling place is going to have the actual poll workers, who are, depending
upon the jurisdiction, some combination of state employees, temporary
contractors or volunteers.

Unlike poll watchers, poll workers are the ones who can help you if you need
assistance, who are trained to answer questions, and who have legal authority
under state law to confirm a voter's entitlement to vote and to resolve other
challenges made by poll watchers, other voters, or other authorized personnel.

You'll also see fellow voters (and those who they're allowed to bring with them
to the polling place, including minor children). And you may also see local law
enforcement officers or security guards, but their functions are carefully
circumscribed on election day ? as noted above, these personnel are almost
always forbidden from playing a direct role in supervising or challenging
voters.

And since most polling places are on or near public property, it is of course
possible ? if not likely ? that there will be vocal supporters of different
candidates, members of the media, exit pollsters, and others outside the polling
place, although state law bans on "electioneering" usually require some minimum
distance between the polling place and these personnel ? anywhere from 30 to 250
feet. And unlike official poll watchers, individuals outside the polling place
have no legal right to challenge a voter's right to vote.

5) What should you do if a poll watcher or someone else at your polling place
acts in a manner that you believe is inappropriate?

The individuals in the best and most immediate position to assist you are the
poll workers, who can answer questions you might have, and who are trained to
respond to particular types of inappropriate situations.

Every state makes it illegal to intimidate a voter ? and federal law makes it a
crime to intimidate voters or otherwise seek to suppress voting based upon race,
color, national origin or religion. For example, an individual's actions
designed to interrupt or intimidate voters at polling places by questioning or
challenging them, or by photographing or filming them, under the pretext that
these are actions to uncover illegal voting may violate federal voting rights
law.

Further, federal law protects the right of voters to mark their own ballot or to
be assisted by a person of their choice. Thus, concerns that cannot be
adequately resolved by the poll workers can and should be reported to local
and/or federal law enforcement officers as soon as possible.

In addition to familiarizing yourself with your state election officials,
helpful resources may include the Justice Department's online form for filing
election-related complaints; your local US Attorney's Office (each of which will
have a designated staffer to answer questions and field concerns on Election
Day); and the Election Protection Program, run by the Lawyers Committee for
Civil Rights, which has a helpful website, along with English (1-866-OUR-VOTE)
and Spanish (1-888-VE-Y-VOTA) hotlines for asking questions or reporting
Election Day concerns or problems.

6) What about photo IDs, 'ballot selfies' and wearing one's preferred
candidate's attire?

Alas, we can't answer everything. You should check the rules for your state, but
the National Conference of State Legislatures has a helpful guide on the voter
ID issue: http://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/voter-id.aspx.
Justin Timberlake spurred a discussion of "ballot selfies": And the laws
concerning whether you can wear supportive attire to vote are an absolute muddle
(if you want to try it, it's probably wise to wear something non-partisan
underneath your favorite candidate's likeness, just in case you're not allowed
to vote without removing the offending item).

But as with everything else these days, your mileage may vary.

Vladeck is a CNN contributor and professor of law at the University of Texas
School of Law.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               26 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

E-secrecy jarred Clinton campaign

BYLINE: BY Cameron Joseph

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 148 words


WASHINGTON - Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign was unprepared when
revelations were made public about the extensive use of her private email
server, according to a series of newly released hacked emails.

Emails belonging to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta posted online by
WikiLeaks on Thursday show that neither he nor other top aides were clued into
what Clinton and her staff had done - even when they asked.

"Did you have any idea of the depth of this story?" Podesta asked Clinton
campaign manager Robby Mook in March 2015, after the story broke.

"Nope. We brought up the existence of emails in reserach (sic) this summer but
were told that everything was taken care of," Mook responded.

Clinton's use of a private server has dogged her campaign since the start,
raising questions about whether she risked national security in order to try to
keep her communications private.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                               27 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 1:58 AM EST

Carl Bernstein on Clinton email controversy: 'It's not Watergate'

BYLINE: By Josiah Ryan, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 173 words


Watergate journalist Carl Bernstein Friday night seemingly contradicted a
talking point repeated by Republican nominee Donald Trump, saying that newly
discovered emails related to Hillary Clinton's private server did not rise to
the occasion of Watergate, the scandal that brought down President Nixon in
1974.

"Its not Watergate," Bernstein told Anderson Cooper on CNN's "AC360."

"Watergate was about a criminal President of the United States who presided over
a criminal administration from the day he took office to the day he left,"
Bernstein said, referring to then-President Richard Nixon.

Bernstein, however, did not dismiss the latest controversy as insignificant.

"This is nonetheless about a hugely serious event in which a secretary of state
was clearly reckless, endangered national security by her handling of emails,"
he said.

Trump responded more than once Friday to the latest revelations by comparing the
email Clinton controversy to Watergate.

It "is bigger than Watergate," he said, for example, speaking in Cedar Rapids,
Iowa.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               28 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 2:44 PM EST

Evan McMullin not surprised by 'Mormon Mafia' attacks

BYLINE: By Eugene Scott, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: Washington


Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin said Friday he's not surprised
that supporters of Donald Trump have labeled him a "Mormon Mafia Tool" because
the campaign has made a habit of attacking opponents based on their race and
religion.

"A hallmark of Donald Trump's campaign has been to attack people based on their
race and religion and all of this and so it's not a surprise to me at all," he
told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on "New Day."

Fox Business Network anchor Lou Dobbs suggested recently that McMullin was a
part of a "Mormon Mafia," along with former presidential candidate Mitt Romney.

"Look Deeper, He's nothing but a Globalist, Romney and Mormon Mafia Tool #MAGA
#AmericaFirst #TrumpPence16 #TrumpTrain #Dobbs," the Fox Business Network host
tweeted last Saturday.


McMullin, a conservative who entered the race in August and is running strong in
Utah which could create problems for Trump, said he'd like Dobbs to invite him
on his television show so he could explain his comment.

"I'd really love it if Lou Dobbs would have me on," he said. "I'd love to hear
him describe exactly what is the Mormon Mafia. I think it would be pretty
interesting to hear."

Trump and his supporters need to understand that America is open to people
regardless of their race or faith, McMullin said.

"This country is for people of all races and religions and certainly both
genders are equal and should be treated as such," he said. "If you don't
understand that, you have no business leading this country."

McMullin also attacked Republican lawmakers backing Trump despite his words
about people of other faiths.

"This is a guy who I think is really demonstrating that the Republican Party has
lost its way and abandoned its core principles," he said.

Dobbs previously worked as an anchor at CNN.

McMullin surge threatens to squeeze Trump's already narrow path to victory

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               29 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 11:43 AM EST

Donald Trump Jr. helps a woman push her stalled car in Arizona

BYLINE: By Deena Zaru, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 175 words

DATELINE: Washington


When Donald Trump Jr. noticed a stalled car on the road Thursday while traveling
between campaign stops in Mesa, Arizona, he hopped out of his vehicle to lend a
helping hand.

Tyler Bowyer, chairman of the Maricopa County Republican Party, was accompanying
Trump at the time and said the woman, whose name is unknown at this point, was
"surprised" to learn that the man who helped her was Donald Trump's eldest son.


"She was just stunned. She was taken aback," Bowyer told the Arizona Republic.
"She was like, 'Man, I have to be able to tell people about this.' So we made
him get out and take a picture. And that was it."

Bowyer posted the picture on Facebook and said that he was also surprised by
Trump Jr.'s move to assist the woman.


"I've been around a lot of politicians. Most would just freak out or go around,"
Bowyer said. "But Don Jr. ... before you can blink, he's out there pushing the
car."

According to Bowyer, the woman did not say whether she is voting for Trump or
another candidate on November 8.

Trump Jr.: Running for president a 'step down'

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               30 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 1:51 PM EST

This Danish ad throws Donald Trump under the bus

BYLINE: By Karla Pequenino, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 229 words


Donald Trump can't stop rolling his eyes in Denmark.

Thousands of kilometers away from the US soil, in the middle of the bustling
city of Copenhagen, Denmark, several buses are traveling with massive
mock-images of the US presidential candidate's forehead with wheels for eyes.

The campaign's message -- ordered by the Danish Socialist People's Party (SF)--
reads in bold red letters: "Americans abroad, vote."

And, as the giant caricature of Donald Trump rolls his eyes non-stop across the
capital, it's no secret who the Danish political party is cheering for.


The provocative campaign was developed by the ad company Uncle Grey Copenhagen.

"We work with cultural changes in the world, and with the entire world looking
at the US election we were very happy to work on this project," the ad's
strategic director, Carsten Bulow, told CNN.

In Denmark, 8.714 American citizens are able to vote. So the goal of the ad is
to make sure they do.


"Mr. Trump's political views are very far from ours, and I find it rather scary
to think of him sitting in the Oval Office. I hope that we can influence some of
the Americans living in Denmark and make them vote," SF leader Pia Olsen Dyhr
said.

For director Bulow, the campaign works because it is simple but not afraid to
take a position.

"If you want people to react you have to be provocative. You can't be afraid to
take a stand," Bulow said.


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               31 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 6:56 AM EST

5 things for Friday, October 28: N.D protests, Oregon standoff, Hillary Clinton

BYLINE: By Doug Criss, CNN

SECTION: US

LENGTH: 480 words


Good Friday morning to you, but if you're a Cubs fan, you can't wait for
tonight. Here's what you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door.

1. Pipeline protests

The Dakota Access Pipeline protests went from a simmer to a boil when police
used bean bags and pepper spray to push back against protesters who lit fires
and threw Molotov cocktails. Cops made more than 140 arrests, in part to avoid a
repeat showdown today. Here's a primer on the controversial pipeline.

2. Oregon standoff

Ammon Bundy and six others have been acquitted for their 41-day armed occupation
of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. The irony was not lost on social media:
White protesters are off the hook standing up for land that isn't theirs, while
in North Dakota, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is dodging bean bags protesting
for land that is.

3. Hillary Clinton

The latest WikiLeaks dump shows just how nervous Team Clinton was about the
relationship between the Clinton Foundation and "Bill Clinton Inc." -- the paid
speeches, the fundraising and requests for access. They show Chelsea Clinton,
worried this would hurt her mom, tried to clean house.

4. Mosul

Hope you can spare a few minutes for this gripping account of life inside Mosul
where ISIS is prepping both for fight and flight. Residents, risking their
lives, tell CNN that militants have booby trapped houses, rigged cars into
mobile suicide bombs and forced them to dig elaborate tunnels.

5. Prison death

Critics say medical care is poor in prisons, but it's terrible in privately run
ones, which sacrifice well-being for bottom lines. The issue's back in the
spotlight now that the family of a Texas prisoner has filed suit, alleging the
jail didn't do more to prevent his death after guards pepper-sprayed him.

BREAKFAST BROWSE

People are talking about these. Read up. Join in.

Whisper to a scream

Cairo's Bab Aldonia is a little bookstore making a lot of noise. Tucked inside
is a room where folks flock to yell their stress away.

Say it ain't so

Vine, whose 6-second videos inspired creativity, made stars and played an
instrumental role in Black Lives Matter, is dead. Is Twitter next?

Oh, baby

If these cuties have to spend their first Halloween in the hospital, at least
they'll do it looking fabulous.

That'll teach her

Buying lottery tickets is a waste of money, she told her husband. Then she won
$1 million off a scratch-off. Never mind.

Berry wrong

In today's edition of Everything We've Been Told Is Wrong: Turns out, cranberry
juice won't do a thing about preventing UTI infection.

WHAT'S FOR LUNCH

Here's what's coming up later

Play ball

It'll almost be a religious experience for the most patient fans in sports, when
Wrigley Field plays host to its first World Series game in 71 years.

AND FINALLY ...


Pumpkin head

It's fall, and almost Halloween, so here's four minutes of a teen girl
desperately trying to get her head out of a pumpkin.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               32 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 11:01 PM EST

Trump campaign manager: FBI director in 'terrible spot'

BYLINE: By Josiah Ryan, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 176 words


Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, suggested Friday night that she did
not envy the position of FBI Director James Comey, who announced earlier in the
day that the bureau was reviewing emails related to Hillary Clinton's private
server.

"He's in a terrible spot," Conway told CNN's Anderson Cooper. "Had he sat on
this information, he'd be criticized."

With just 11 days to go until the election, Comey's bombshell letter to chairmen
of congressional committees sent a shockwave through both campaigns.

Over the summer, Comey announced he would not recommend criminal charges in the
case, citing a lack of evidence of criminal misconduct.

When questioned by Cooper on how she thought the FBI should move forward with
the investigation, Conway declined to dispense advice.

"He should do whatever he thinks is best based on the investigation he just
launched, or I should say just noticed today," she said. "It's not up to me to
say what he should or shouldn't do."

Earlier in the day, Conway pounced on the news, calling it a "great day in our
campaign."


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               33 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

BACK STORY;
Making the case for TPP;
Trade deal means 'a level playing field,' Commerce secretary says

BYLINE: Ann M. Simmons

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Foreign Desk; Part A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1330 words


It is billed as President Obama's signature trade deal: a 12-nation pact that
would relax tariffs among the participating countries and set higher standards
for hours and wages, working conditions and environmental protection, among
other provisions.

But the Trans-Pacific Partnership, almost six years in the making, continues to
face opposition and is yet to be ratified by U.S. lawmakers. Critics reject the
argument that it would create jobs, defend the environment and guard against
harmful imports. Union leaders fear that U.S. manufacturing and service jobs
would be outsourced to low-wage countries, such as Vietnam. Presidential
candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have assailed the deal and promised
to kill it if elected to the White House.

Administration officials have suggested that the agreement could still be pushed
through after the election during the lame-duck session. If that fails, the
incoming president could return to the drawing board or eliminate it all
together.

That would not only be detrimental to the interests of U.S. workers and
companies, the agreement's supporters say, it could also undermine America's
influence in Asia and leadership around the world.

U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker touched on these views during a recent
interview with The Times.

Her comments have been edited for length and clarity.

Why undertake the Trans-Pacific Partnership?

There's an economic benefit to us. There's a national security aspect to this,
and there's a U.S. leadership aspect. TPP is an agreement that the United States
has really been leading, and if we don't finish it, why are these countries
going to continue to engage with us in the same way?

From a strategic or military standpoint, the U.S. presence in the Asia-Pacific
region is more than just a military presence; it's also by virtue of having
greater economic presence. When we have greater economic presence, we have a
greater interest in free flow of goods through the seas or protecting
territorial integrity. So it creates a greater stability in the region. If we're
knit closer together and we're helping other countries grow as well ... it also
means that they're less likely to have violent extremism.

And in my mind the most important reason and the reason I think is good for
American workers and good for American businesses [is that] TPP gives market
access we don't have today. It gives us market access in the fastest-growing
region in the world. It eliminates tariffs and trade barriers that are a problem
today -- whether it's the 70% tariff on the cars that we make in America, or
it's the 40% tariffs in Japan on our poultry. Those go away. And it reduces red
tape. It makes it easier to sell your goods.

I think the other thing not to forget is that the competition is not standing
still. These countries have free trade agreements with China where they don't
have the kind of tariffs that we've got. They're also being asked to join other
multilateral trade agreements, ones where the rules are being shaped more by
China, where there isn't a higher labor standard, there isn't a high
environmental standard, there isn't the kind of digital freedom that we rely
upon for greater economic growth.

How does the Regional Cooperation on Economic Partnership agreement led by China
threaten or rival TPP?

The 12 countries that have agreed to TPP have agreed to 21st century standards
for trade. The other thing they've also agreed to is enforcement. And let's not
forget, enforcement is an important part of this TPP -- the ability to make sure
all of these countries are going to live up to these standards and agreements
that we've set. We're doing more trade enforcement than we've ever done. But if
we don't have these agreements in place, then trade will be done without the
protections that exist in TPP and therefore we'll have to compete as American
companies facing high tariffs and no labor protections and no environmental
protection.

Is America's global leadership role at stake if TPP does not pass?

This is a deal with 11 other countries. Each of those countries made compromises
in order to try and create a higher standard of trade rules among the 12
countries. If you're a country that's agreeing to labor standards that you don't
have today -- higher minimum wage or international labor standards, or
environmental standards or greater access or freedom in terms of digital flows,
or allowing access of our agricultural product -- and then you convince your
population to accept those rules, and then the United States that has been the
impetus for this agreement doesn't follow through to bring the agreement to
conclusion ... those leaders put themselves in a vulnerable position or put
themselves in a position where they're going to have to look around and say,
"Who are my partners? Who can I rely on?"

How do you address the anxiety over the TPP?

The anxiety we're seeing in our country should not be ignored. I think the cause
of this anxiety is not trade. Only 5% of consumers in the world are in the
United States. We have to sell our goods all over the world -- 11.6 million jobs
in America depend on our ability to export. Our ability to export depends on our
ability to have market access.

I think the anxiety that's being felt in America is a result of globalization.
People realize we are competing against companies from other parts of the world.
But ... you want to compete on a level playing field. You want the right for
American workers not to be at a disadvantage, for American companies not to be
at a disadvantage.

The other part of the anxiety is because of automation and digitization. That's
why the president has been so focused on workforce training, on increasing the
number of apprenticeships, on greater digital coding and training that's going
on in our schools, on the opportunities of advanced manufacturing ... and the
access for every American to education that's affordable, if not free, in the
community colleges.

So there is anxiety. But not trading is not going to solve that anxiety. Not
trading will create more anxiety because it will create less opportunity for
American workers and American businesses and our economy will hurt.

Why is that message not getting across?

I don't know why, but I think trade has been used as a code word to speak to
people's anxieties. But when you really think about what trade is, it's an
opportunity for America. It's not a detriment to America and I think
particularly with this agreement, which is a much higher standard, much greater
enforcement provisions than any free trade agreement that we've done.

What kind of impact is the increasingly protectionist rhetoric of the
presidential campaign having on potential foreign investors?

We've been really focused in our department, with the president's direction and
blessing, on attracting greater foreign direct investment and the reason is
because, first of all, it's good for the American worker. Twelve million
Americans go to work at American subsidiaries of foreign companies and those
companies export $360 billion of goods and services from the United States, so
we're working really hard to take advantage of what foreign companies see as the
United States being a good place to invest. And what we shouldn't do is
undermine that. We shouldn't undermine it by being insular.

What foreign companies see in the United States is strong rule of law. They see
great research and development going on. They see an extraordinary workforce.
And [the global management consulting firm] A.T. Kearney, I think for the fourth
year in a row, has said that this is the No. 1 place to invest in the world. And
that's good for our economy.

We want our economy to continue to grow. Those companies create good jobs. They
tend to create higher-paying jobs than the average job in America. So we want
that. That's good. We've worked really hard as this administration to continue
to grow that interest.

--

ann.simmons@latimes.com

Twitter: @AMSimmons1

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: COMMERCE Secretary Penny Pritzker says anxiety among U.S.
workers over the Trans-Pacific Partnership is a result of globalization and
automation, not trade.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Shawn Thew European Pressphoto Agency

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               34 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Pence plane skids off tarmac at LaG

BYLINE: BY ANDY MAI, JOHN ANNESE, KERRY BURKE and DENIS SLATTERY NEW YORK DAILY
NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 285 words


REPUBLICAN vice presidential nominee Mike Pence's campaign plane slid off a
rainy runway while landing at LaGuardia Airport Thursday evening.

The Indiana governor told reporters he was unharmed and the 36 other passengers
and 11 crew members on board the chartered 737 were also fine after the plane
skidded off the tarmac around 7:49 p.m.

The plane, emblazoned with Donald Trump's slogan "Make America Great Again,"
overshot the runway, officials said.

"The plane ended up in the arrestor bed at the end of the runway and destroyed
about 80 arrestor blocks and is currently in the grass off the runway. Happily
there were no injuries," said Port Authority executive director Pat Foye.

LaGuardia shut down all flights after the accident but reopened at 8:28 p.m.,
Foye said. First responders arrived at the listing plane within one minute of
its skidding into the grass.

The National Transportation Board is now handling the probe into the mishap. Its
investigators were en route, he added.

The rain didn't appear to be a factor in the accident, according to Foye. The
last plane in reported "good" braking conditions despite the wet weather, he
said.

The governor was traveling with several campaign advisers and his wife and
daughter.

Video taken immediately after the incident showed Pence walking the rainy tarmac
and talking with a number of emergency responders.

Pence was flying from Iowa and had tweeted earlier that weather delays kept his
plane on the ground. A picture of the veep pick tossing a football near his
plane accompanied the tweet.

Trump was campaigning in Ohio at the time.

"Mr. Trump did reach out to Gov. Pence and is very glad everyone on board the
plane is safe," the campaign said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Trump campaign plane carrying GOP vice presidential nominee Mike
Pence is seen after finally coming to a stop at LaGuardia Thursday night. Pence
gets off plane (near r.) and leaves runway (far r.) after the incident, in which
no one was hurt. AP; COURTESY WABC; KEN MURRAY/DAILY NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                               35 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 10:12 PM EST

Kaine predicts Supreme Court rule change by Senate Democrats

BYLINE: By Betsy Klein, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 474 words


Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine is predicting that Senate
Democrats will "change the Senate rules" to confirm a ninth Supreme Court
justice if Republicans continue to block confirmation of any new appointments.

"I am a US senator. I have a prediction -- this is not a guarantee -- and I'm
not revealing inside intel," said Kaine, who represents Virginia.

"I was in the Senate when the Republicans' stonewalling around appointments
caused the Senate Democratic majority to switch the vote threshold on
appointments from 60 to 51. And we did it on everything but a Supreme Court
justice."

"If these guys think they're going to stonewall the filling of that vacancy or
other vacancies, then a Democratic Senate majority will say, 'We're not going to
let you thwart the law.' And so we will change the Senate rules to uphold the
law that the court will be nine members."

So far, Senate Republicans have refused to hold hearings for President Barack
Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, following the unexpected death in February of
Justice Antonin Scalia. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has not
indicated whether she plans to renominate Garland or make a different
appointment if she wins the White House.

Kaine made his prediction during an interview with The Huffington Post at a
Columbus, Ohio, brewery. The interview was released Friday.

RELATED: Cruz cites 'long historical precedent' of SCOTUS vacancies, lays ground
for potential fight

The vice presidential candidate also weighed in on comments by his Senate
colleague Ted Cruz suggesting he would work to hold the court vacancy if Clinton
wins, leaving the court with eight members.

"There is certainly long historical precedent for a Supreme Court with fewer
justices. I would note, just recently, that Justice (Stephen) Breyer observed
that the vacancy is not impacting the ability of the court to do its job. That's
a debate that we are going to have," Cruz told reporters in Colorado earlier
this week, according to The Washington Post.

Kaine called Cruz's comments "disingenuous."

"Ted Cruz I think is being slightly disingenuous. The Constitution doesn't set
the size of the court. It sets a maximum, I think, of 15. But since the
Judiciary Act of 1869, it's been a nine-member court. That's what the statute
says," Kaine said.

"We take an oath to uphold the law, that's what we're upholding. Congress could
change it, if Congress wanted to and had the votes, but Congress won't. So until
Congress does, that's the size of the court."

RELATED: Supreme Court takes up transgender school bathroom case

Clinton's running mate suggested it was still possible for Garland to get a vote
in the Senate.

"After an election, people will think about it, and I think there's still a
significant likelihood that Merrick Garland will get a vote before the end of
the year," Kaine said.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               36 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

World Series strikes out as a reliable predictor of elections

BYLINE: Mark Hulbert, Special for, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 646 words


A Chicago Cubs win in this year's World Series would do more than break the
Curse of the Billy Goat. It would also help assure that Hillary Clinton becomes
the next president of the United States.

You might wonder what the World Series has to do with politics. That must mean
you haven't heard of the so-called World Series Presidential Predictor,
according to which a World Series win by the National League team presages a win
by the Democratic candidate for president. An American League victory, in
contrast, leads to a Republican electoral win.

This Predictor dates at least  to the early 1970s. That's when the Society for
American Baseball Research (SABR) published an article reporting that the
Predictor had a perfect record over the five presidential elections from 1952
through 1968.

As is so often the case, however, a funny thing happened on the way to the bank
after this pattern's existence was reported: Since then, the Predictor has
failed on a number of occasions. Bill Staples Jr., a SABR member, recently
reported that, based on all World Series since they were first held over a
century ago, the Predictor's track record is statistically no better than a coin
flip.

This is a valuable lesson for investors since more alleged patterns have been
"discovered" in the stock market than even in baseball.

In almost all cases, those stock market patterns turn out to be worthless.

Psychologists tell us that this in large part is because our brains are
hardwired to "detect" patterns even when none exists. And with thousands of us
mining the same historical data, it's hardly surprising that a few patterns will
emerge that -- like the World Series Predictor -- look uncannily accurate but in
fact are bogus.

There are two steps investors should take to protect themselves from following
such patterns. The first is to test their accuracy over different time periods
than those used to initially "discover" their alleged existence. Upon doing
that, most patterns disappear.

Had this step been followed in the early 1970s, the World Series Predictor would
never have been proposed, since its "discovery" was based on the outcome of just
the five previous presidential elections. If its author had considered all other
elections as well, the pattern would never have emerged.

Most of the patterns on which Wall Street focuses fail this simple test from
Statistics 101.

The second step investors should take to protect themselves from a bogus pattern
is to insist that there be a plausible explanation for why it should exist in
the first place. If none can be found, odds increase that the pattern is
fictional -- even if it is able to survive the first step. Needless to say, the
World Series Predictor is unable to satisfy this second step, since there is no
credible theory for why the outcome of a baseball playoff has anything to do
with who wins a presidential election.

Perhaps the best illustration of this in the investment arena comes from David
Leinweber of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.

Several years ago he searched through all the data on a United Nations CD data
disk to find the indicator with the most statistically significant correlation
with the S&P 500 index. His discovery: butter production in Bangladesh.

It's easy for us to see that Bangladeshi butter production levels are of no real
help to our U.S. stock market investments. But the same goes for most other
alleged patterns on which we otherwise focus.

The bottom line?

There are no magic keys that can unlock the stock market's secrets. The only
people who reliably make money when we trade on bogus patterns are the brokers
who earn a commission each time we buy or sell.

Mark Hulbert, founder of the Hulbert Financial Digest, has been tracking
investment advisers' performances for four decades. For more information, email
him at mark@hulbertratings.com or go to www.hulbertratings.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo File photo by Steve Green, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               37 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 5:22 PM EST

In St. Louis, race still divides

BYLINE: By Vanessa Yurkevich, Chris Moody, Video by Alexander Rosen, Alice Yu,
and Amy Marino, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 760 words


Al James' neighborhood on the north side of St. Louis is known as
Jeff-Vander-Lou, named after great men like Thomas Jefferson and Peter Lewis
Vandeventer.

Today residents refer to it as JVL -- Just Vacant Lots.

Â "There were a lot of companies around here at one point in time that had a lot
of jobs," James said. "They are not fixing the neighborhood back up. People are
moving out, and you have a lot of vacant houses."

Al James looks back on his childhood fondly, but admits times have changed. He's
looking for a presidential candidate that will bring it back to its better
years.

Â "I am going to vote for Hillary," James said. "She has education on her mind
for helping the youth, and what she's trying to propose, that will help the
country."

Â JVL is a predominantly black neighborhood with sections of low-income housing.
In just the last year vacancies are up 22% in the area, according to real estate
data firm, ATTOM Data Solutions.

It's just a 20-minute drive from Ferguson where two years ago people rioted in
the streets against police after the death of Michael Brown. Those riots created
racial tension and divided parts of the city.

"When I was growing, most of the cops were friends," recalled James. "It wasn't
until we got to high school that it all started to change. I know they're not
from here. Most of the cops that patrol this area now are white cops."

James remembers his days spent at the Gamble Community Center where he'd play
from morning until night.

"Growing up here families looked out for each other," said James standing in
front the community center. "If I was down here and something happened to me
before I get back down to my house, my grandmother already knew about it. Now
it's every man for themselves. Every family for themselves."

James admits there are some things Clinton has done that he doesn't agree with.
But what's most important is a candidate that could handle another situation
like Ferguson.

"Donald's not the type of person because if the blacks are out and they are
upset he will be ready to say, 'Lets send the Marines in there. Let's take them
all out,'" James said.

James lives just five minutes from his childhood home. He hopes his vote for
Clinton helps turn the "just vacant lots" into booming businesses again.

"I love my community and my neighborhood," he said. "What's left of it."

Separated from St. Louis by the Missouri River, the town of St. Charles,
Missouri, where Drew Burke spent his childhood, feels a world away from James'
neighborhood. With freshly manicured lawns dot the tree-lined streets near
Francis Howell North High School, where Burke went to school.

"It's a whitewashed area. Not a lot of diversity," Burke said as he drove the
streets near his childhood home. "If there were a dozen [students of color] in
my graduating class, I would be surprised."

While parts of St. Louis rioted in the aftermath of the death of Michael Brown
in Ferguson, Burke and his neighbors were largely insulated from the turmoil.
The Missouri River, he said, can act as a dividing barrier between the two
communities.

"There is perception among some residents in this county that there is a very
different culture on the other side of the river," he said.

Doing business in the St. Louis area, Berke has had few interactions with police
whenever he travels around town for his job. But James described an entirely
different experience on a day to day basis. He avoids neighborhoods like
Burke's.

"I hardly ever go to his side of town. For the most I don't go out there because
I get profiled," James said. "I'm going to get pulled over. So I just choose not
to go out there. I stay away from it. I will go 30 minutes out of my way just so
i don't have to go through a certain municipality."

Carefully planning a route just to avoid certain areas because of police is not
something that Burke -- and many other white Americans -- have ever had to even
consider. Burke said that in some cases, he feels like he gets a pass.

"There are certain neighborhoods in St. Louis where if I rolled a stop sign and
the cops saw that I was white in a predominantly black neighborhood, they would
not pull me over," he said.

On the road together, Burke and James have had a lot of time to talk. They trade
stories about St. Louis, the neighborhoods where they grew up and where they
still live today. And of course, they discuss the presidential election. They
both see the election is divisive, but hope for the best after November.

"What would make this country great in my eyes," said James, "is just everybody
getting along."

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               38 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 11:22 AM EST

What Putin says vs the expert's view

BYLINE: By Sheena McKenzie, CNN

SECTION: EUROPE

LENGTH: 852 words


"We should be frank with each other," said Russian President Vladimir Putin at
the opening of his speech to leading scholars and political analysts from around
the world on Thursday.

The president wasted no time laying out Russia's position in the world affairs
-- touching on everything from the US election to Syria, and European economics.

But how accurate were his comments? We asked Maria Lipman, former scholar in
residence of the Carnegie Moscow Center, for her take on Putin's address to the
Valdai International Discussion Club in Sochi.

Below, Lipman unravels some of Putin's most eyebrow-raising moments.

Putin on the US election


"Another mythical and imaginary problem is what I can only call the hysteria the
USA has whipped up over supposed Russian meddling in the American presidential
election," said Putin, referring to allegations that Russia was behind hacking
attacks on the Democratic National Committee.

"The (American) elite has nothing with which to reassure society, it seems, and
therefore attempt to distract public attention by pointing instead to supposed
Russian hackers, spies, agents of influence and so forth."

Read more: Latest on Russian hacking allegations

The expert's view

"Whether or not the Russian government is behind the hacking attacks, no solid
evidence has been provided to support the American allegations that the Russian
government is directly responsible," said Lipman.

"Putin has emphasized throughout the campaign that he and Russia will be ready
to work with whoever the American people elect."

"That said," she adds, "the Kremlin benefits by any doubt or suspicion existing
among the American people that the electoral procedure is not fair and foul play
not ruled out. It's long been the Kremlin and Putin's line that American (or
more generally, Western) democracy is not impeccable and if one looks carefully,
one can easily find ulterior motives beneath the democratic procedure."

While US intelligence officials are still investigating the degree of connection
between Russia and WikiLeaks, which has been involved in the leaks, they remain
confident that Russia is behind the whole thing.

Putin on Syria


"My personal agreements with the President of the United States (on Syria) have
not produced results. There were people in Washington ready to do everything
possible to prevent these agreements from being implemented in practice," said
the Russian president, in reference to last month's failed ceasefire
negotiations in Syria.

"This all demonstrates an unexplainable and I would say irrational desire on the
part of the Western countries to keep making the same mistakes or, as we say
here in Russia, keep stepping on the same rake," he said.

The expert's view

"It's interesting the way Putin blames bad policies not on President Obama, but
on 'people in Washington.' This can be seen as his desire to treat his
counterpart with respect, even with all the frustration and resentment with US
policies," Lipman explained.

"While the US and Russia have held long and intense negotiations over Syria, it
appears that for Russia a major goal has been to demonstrate its military might
and its new strength as a global player," she continued. "If this is indeed
Russia's primary concern, agreement with the US over any kind of a peaceful
arrangement was probably doomed from the start -- negotiations per se may be of
value for Russia, though not necessarily the end result."

Putin on propaganda

"People sink into hysteria and declare it the result of foreign, usually
Russian, propaganda," said Putin about what he called a global "climate of
uncertainty."

He added, "I would like to have such a propaganda machine here in Russia, but
regrettably, this is not the case. We have not even global mass media outlets of
the likes of CNN, BBC and others. We simply do not have this kind of capability
yet."

The expert's view

"It is true that Russia does not have the equivalent of CNN or the BBC -- an
English-language service with an international broadcast audience," said Lipman.
"However, Russian TV is highly effective in shaping domestic public opinion,
while its influence of Russian propaganda globally should not be exaggerated."

Putin on respecting national sovereignty


"We have no doubt that sovereignty is the central notion of the entire system of
international relations. Respect for it and its consolidation will help
underwrite peace and stability both at the national and international levels,"
said the Russian leader.

"We do not seek global domination, expansion or confrontation with anyone."

The expert's view

"Respect for national sovereignty has increasingly become a matter of
demagoguery -- and this is true not just of Russia," said Lipman.

"Russia ignored Ukrainian sovereignty when it annexed Crimea," she continued.
"But the sovereignty of Serbia was not respected when Kosovo was pronounced
independent. Likewise, the sovereignty of Iraq or Libya was hardly respected
when these nations became targets of international operations.

"The very concept of 'humanitarian intervention' implies that there are causes
more important than state sovereignty," she added.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               39 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Pence LaG scare

BYLINE: BY John Annese, Kerry Burke and Denis Slattery

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 93 words


REPUBLICAN vice presidential nominee Mike Pence's campaign plane slid off a
runway while landing at LaGuardia Airport on Thursday evening.

The Indiana governor told reporters he was unharmed and the 36 other passangers
and eight crew members on board the chartered 737 were also fine after the plane
skidded off the tarmac around 7:25 pm.

The plane, emblazoned with Donald Trump's slogan "Make America Great Again,"
overshot the runway, according a statement from Port Authority officials.

Flights in and out of the airport were suspended following the accident.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                               40 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 4:06 PM EST

Russia loses seat on UN Human Rights Council by just 2 votes

BYLINE: By Richard Roth, CNN

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 485 words

DATELINE: United Nations


For years, UN countries seeking to stop Russia from assisting the Assad regime
militarily in Syria have been blocked by Moscow's veto power as a permanent UN
Security Council member. But on Friday at the UN, opponents of Russia's
punishing assaults in Syria achieved a small symbolic victory.

Russia was defeated in its bid to be re-elected as a member of the UN's Human
Rights Council, the most prestigious panel in the UN system designed to examine
global human rights.

But it was close. Russia lost to Croatia by just two votes, 114 to 112, with
Hungary claiming the Eastern Europe region's other remaining seat. UN General
Assembly voted in a secret balloting process that has no vetoes.

The United States and United Kingdom also won seats on the rights panel.

UN Watch, a UN watchdog group, said after the vote that "the non-election of
Russia shows that the nations of the world can reject gross abusers if they so
choose."

RELATED: Russian, US military planes in near miss over Syria

Dozens of human rights groups had campaigned against Moscow's bid, citing the
massive bombing assault on parts of Syria opposed to the government of its close
ally, President Bashar al-Assad. An estimated 400,000 people have died in the
Syrian conflict.

Moscow's refusal to accept Security Council resolutions framed to seek the end
of the war seemed to be a factor in Russia's failure to gain support for the
council seat from others in the UN.

State Department spokesman Mark Toner, noting that he wasn't referring to Russia
specifically said that "we continue to believe that UN member states should seek
countries that have a strong human rights record to be a part of the council."

Human Rights Watch's UN director, Louis Charbonneau said, after Hungary and
Croatia beat out Russia in their regional contest, that the vote "also shows how
important it is to have competitive slates in UN elections. Countries should
have a chance to reject those whose candidacies are so severely compromised, as
they did today."

RELATED: US, Russia spar amid charges of war crimes in Syria

It's rare for one of the five powerful permanent UN Security Council member
nations to lose any UN election.

However, the United States, too, experienced such defeat in 2001, when the US
failed to win a seat on the UN Human Rights Commission, which the council later
replaced.

Human rights advocates, however, did lose their campaign to stop Saudi Arabia
from being re-elected.

The Mideast power has recently been accused of major human rights violations in
its onslaught in neighboring Yemen. But it was nearly impossible for Saudi
Arabia to lose, having already been selected as one of the four Asia-Pacific
region countries to run for that region's four allocated slots.

China and Cuba also won seats.

UN Watch executive director Hillel Neuer said the re-election of Saudi Arabia,
China and Cuba "casts a shadow upon the reputation of the United Nations."

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               41 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

It's not 1970 for women anymore;
'Good Girls Revolt' is an antidote to Trump, Ailes and the 2016 campaign

BYLINE: Dana Calvo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 765 words


One Monday morning in March 1970, 46 young women at Newsweek held a news
conference to denounce the magazine for keeping them from becoming reporters or
editors. Newsweek management called the men-only rule "tradition." The women
called it illegal. Their attorney, the ACLU's Eleanor Holmes Norton, saw a
perfect test case of federal law -- because when privileged white women are
angry with the system, then something really must be wrong, and she knew their
complaint would garner press.

Ultimately, the magazine admitted it was in violation of the Civil Rights Act.
The women were promoted to reporters, editors and managers, and the landmark
case sparked similar complaints across newsrooms of New York City that year.

All of this from one researcher at one magazine asking, "Why can't I be a
reporter, too?"

These events inspired Good Girls Revolt, the show I created, which premieres
Friday on Amazon Prime. And yet, nothing could have prepared me for telling a
female story alongside other women in an industry that is still predominantly
male.

In casting, we read hundreds of talented, classically trained actresses. Many of
them brought purses stuffed with changes of clothes that they would shrug on in
the bathroom. They were prepared to read for all three of the female leads,
determined to land a role with dimensions and flaws, not the nameless
"GIRLFRIEND" or "HOTTIE" roles that so often are thrown their way. In hiring our
crew and our cast, I and my executive producer partner, Darlene Hunt (creator of
The Big C on Showtime) sometimes looked no further than school carpools to tap
into a network of qualified women.

A different kind of set

The group crowded around the monitor at "video village" on our set was different
from most. It was, more often than not, all women: director, first assistant
director, cinematographer, writer, executive producer and production designer.
When we were on location, the monitors were protected by a sun shelter, and I
came to think of it as a tent, big enough for women of all ages, with different
backgrounds and different dreams. There was some knitting. And talk of summer
camps. There was always at least one woman, sometimes two, "shadowing" the
director. These apt pupils were spending weeks, even months, as unpaid
apprentices in the hopes that they could learn a craft that is 85% male and has
proved excruciatingly challenging for women to break into.

no jokes, no scoffing

With each episode, we refused to back down on telling honest stories about the
female experience -- such as sexual assault. We insisted that female characters
were not "unlikable" if we were honest and authentic about their journeys. We
wanted to pull back the curtain on a culture of sexual entitlement and abuse,
well before a leaked Access Hollywood video amplified it.

We are storytellers, and we wanted to present a world from the female gaze.

One night, while shooting a love scene on a closed set, director Scott Winant
smiled  at me and said, "Tell us how you want this to go." I will never forget
looking around the dark hotel room at the female first assistant director, the
two women shadowing Scott, the female head of the hair department, the female
head of makeup and the female head of costumes nodding wordlessly as I described
a sex scene from the experience of a woman. Our cameramen listened
encouragingly. No jokes. No scoffing.

Courage, I thought so many times this year, breeds courage.

I have a 12-year-old daughter who, thanks to this presidential campaign, has
heard more derogatory things said about women than I ever hoped she would.

I have friends who shake their heads when we discuss my show because they are so
disheartened by how little has changed in the workplace since 1970. They point
to former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes or comments from Donald Trump Jr. about women
who can't "handle" sexual harassment.

But I can't stifle my optimism, even in these cynical and sometimes toxic times.
Because I believe so strongly that there is no prerequisite, no magical set of
skills, to join the countless revolutions around the world for girls' and
women's rights.

Take a step as small and yet as significant as asking a follow-up question to
something that doesn't sound right to you. Ask it. And then ask another. And
then another. Until it makes sense to you, or until you can change the answer to
make sense.

Anyone who is agitated by injustice can take that first step, without knowing
where it will lead. And that's a beautiful thing.

Dana Calvo is creator and executive producer of Good Girls Revolt, which
premieres Friday on Amazon Prime.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Jessica Miglio Jessica Miglio, Amazon Studios

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               42 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 1:14 PM EST

You might as well give up after seeing these NASA engineers' pumpkins

BYLINE: By Doug Criss, CNN

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 171 words


Oh, you won your neighborhood's pumpkin carving contest by making one look that
looks Donald Trump and sticking a candle in it?

That's cute.

If that's all you got, you better stay in the neighborhood. Don't even think
about taking those skills out to the big leagues, like the annual pumpkin
carving contest put on by engineers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

These guys and girls are doing next level stuff.

Aaron Yazzie, a mechanical engineer there, showed off all of the awesomeness on
Twitter.

Like the one cut up into a carousel:


Or the one that plays a game of Pac-Man:


Or the one that features samples from Mars:


Or the one you can barbecue on:


Or the one that's at the center of a black hole:


And since this is 2016, of course at least one had to feature The Donald and
Hillary:


These folks must've ruled their middle school science fairs.

Yazzie said he couldn't participate this year because he was in the middle of
testing for some project he was working on. Hey, somebody had to keep up the
work of putting stuff in space.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               43 of 54 DOCUMENTS



                                    CNN.com

                      October 28, 2016 Friday 5:22 AM EST

South Korea: President Park embroiled in leaked documents scandal

BYLINE: By KJ Kwon, CNN

SECTION: ASIA

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: Seoul


Political turmoil is gripping South Korea as a scandal engulfs President Park
Geun-hye, who stands accused of leaking official state documents to a friend.

The outcry over the allegations that she shared information with a confidante,
who does not hold any public office, led to a rare event in South Korean
politics on Tuesday -- a televised presidential apology.

In it, Park admitted to sharing state documents with Choi Soon-sil, who gave
"her personal opinion" on Park's speeches before the presidential election in
2012.

Park also said Choi looked at "some documents" for a certain period of time
after Park took office, but didn't specify what they were.

"I am shocked and my heart is breaking for causing public concern," Park said in
the live telecast. "I've done so (shared the documents) out of pure heart so
that I could carefully review (the documents)".

The remark was Park's first since the scandal erupted this week.


Choi accused of intervening in state affairs

CNN South Korean affiliate JTBC broke the news of the scandal earlier this week
after revealing that they had found an abandoned computer of Choi's containing
evidence she received secret documents and intervened in state affairs.

Local media and opposition parties accused Choi of abusing her relationship with
Park to force big local conglomerates to donate millions of dollars to two
foundations they claim was she had set up.

Choi is also accused of pressuring a local university into giving her daughter
special treatment, including changing school regulations so her daughter could
get good grades without attending classes.

The chancellor of the university resigned last week, under mounting pressure
from media and students.

A few thousand protesters from civil organizations and labor unions are expected
to hold a demonstration on Saturday in the center of Seoul, according to South
Korean police.

Local journalists and social media users have begun calling the scandal "Choi
Soon-sil Gate".

Choi, who according to local media, is in Germany, was not reachable for
comment.

South Korean Prosecutor's Office on Thursday established a "special
investigation unit" to probe the cases.

While Park will not be subject to the investigation as per the country's
criminal law, the prosecutor's office promised a thorough and quick
investigation, according CNN affiliate YTN.

Park approval in freefall

The incident has hit Park's approval ratings. Her weekly approval rate plunged
to a record low of 21.1% Thursday, according to a local pollster Real Meter.

Park, whose presidency ends in early 2018, enjoyed approval ratings in the 30 to
50% range during her first three years in office. This year has been a bad year
for her, however.

A combination of a weak economy, inadequate public communications and poor
administration of state affairs, according to multiple poll results, have
resulted in slipping approval scores.

Park Geun-hye, South Korea's first female president, is the daughter of Park
Chung-hee, South Korea's leader from 1961 to 1979, who was assassinated by his
own intelligence chief. The late Park is hailed by some as the mastermind behind
the country's current prosperity but criticized by others as a dictator who
violated human rights and crushed dissent.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                       Copyright 2016 Cable News Network
                              All Rights Reserved


                               44 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

LOS ANGELES;
GOP candidate faces harassment claims;
Allegations touch campaigns of two other Republicans running for office.

BYLINE: Christine Mai-Duc, Javier Panzar

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; bad desk code; Local Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 932 words


Less than two weeks before the general election, allegations of sexual
harassment emerged Tuesday against Republican Dante Acosta, a candidate for
Assembly in the Santa Clarita Valley. The accusations in this previously
little-noticed race threaten to touch the campaigns of two prominent Southern
California Republicans with close ties to Acosta, one running for state Senate
and the other for Congress.

The claims first came to light when local blog SClarita.com published a partly
redacted private email from a woman who said Acosta, Santa Clarita's mayor pro
tem, had "propositioned" her last year when they were both in Washington, D.C.
The email was sent by Jennifer Van Laar, a local political consultant who worked
for a former opponent of Acosta's.

Until recently, Acosta, 53, worked in the district office for Rep. Steve Knight
(R-Lancaster). He has appeared on campaign mailers with Knight and Assemblyman
Scott Wilk (R-Santa Clarita), whom Acosta is running to replace as Wilk launches
a bid for the area's state Senate seat.

The email, sent just four days before the June primary this year, was addressed
to Vanessa Wilk, Scott Wilk's wife and a staff member for the state Senate
district the assemblyman is running to represent. The seat was left vacant by
the death of Sen. Sharon Runner in July. Knight and Scott Wilk were copied on
the email.

The woman said the incident happened after Acosta asked her to meet with him to
talk about his "political future and how I could work with him on it."

The email also accused Acosta of "drunk texting" Van Laar, alleging that he
continued to send "inappropriate" text messages to her.

Van Laar, a political consultant and sometime conservative radio host, confirmed
to The Times that she sent the email.

A statement from Acosta's campaign did not mention Van Laar by name but claimed
that his accuser had encouraged Acosta to run for office and "aggressively
pursued him as a client," saying the accusations were retaliation for his
decision not to hire her. Van Laar, who also goes by the name Jennifer Knight,
was a consultant for Jarrod DeGonia, another Republican candidate who ran
against Acosta in the contentious June primary.

On Wednesday, the Acosta campaign also released what it said were screenshots of
text messages between the candidate and Van Laar between January 2015 and March
2016 that appear to show a friendly exchange over more than a year, adding in
its statement that "there is not one text that shows any inappropriate
behavior."

"The woman in question alleges that the behavior occurred in January 2015 in
Washington, D.C.," the statement read. "More than a year later, the woman
encouraged Mr. Acosta to run for state Senate, and then state Assembly, and to
retain her as his consultant. She continued to communicate with him in person,
telephonically, and text up until he filed to run."

In an email, Van Laar said the statements made in her original email to Wilk
were true.

"I am saddened that instead of coming clean, Dante chose instead to accuse me of
lying and of having an untrue and nefarious motive," she said.

In a phone call with The Times on Thursday, Van Laar said the messages released
were mostly authentic, but added that she believed some may have been altered or
left out. Van Laar said she possessed earlier "inappropriate" text messages from
Acosta that referenced the incident in Washington. She declined to provide
copies of those text messages, adding that she was retaining an attorney.

Speaking to The Times on Tuesday night, Vanessa Wilk said Van Laar, whom she
said she'd met in local GOP circles, called her about 10 days before the June 7
primary to discuss the alleged incident.

Unsure if the accusations were true, Wilk said, she asked Van Laar not to "go
public" with the allegations out of concern for Acosta's wife, Carolyn. Wilk
said she was "trying to be sympathetic" to Van Laar and was not sure she
believed the accusations.

"It didn't ring right to me," Wilk said. "Something in my gut made me feel it
was politically motivated."

Scott Wilk said he discussed the allegations with Acosta shortly after he was
copied on the email.

Acosta "said there was no bearing to it," he said. "I have no reason not to
believe him; he's a person I've had a relationship with for so many years versus
a woman I don't know."

Wilk said he never discussed the allegations with Knight because he felt it was
"inappropriate" that he was included on the email to begin with.

In a statement released by his campaign, Knight said he spoke with Van Laar in
June about the allegations. "My immediate priority was to ensure that she was
safe. I listened to her version of events and offered my assistance," Knight
said, adding that he respected Van Laar's wishes when she told him she didn't
want to contact police or take legal action.

"All accusations of harassment are serious and should be treated with the utmost
sensitivity," Knight said. "I will continue to monitor this situation as more
information is brought to light, and will respond accordingly."

The candidates facing Acosta and Knight immediately seized on the issue.
Democrat Christy Smith, who is running against Acosta, called the allegations
"shocking, horrifying and utterly disqualifying."

Democrat Johnathon Ervin, a candidate opposing Wilk, raised questions about
whether the assemblyman helped "cover up" the allegations. Bryan Caforio, a
Democrat challenging Knight, said in a statement that the allegations should not
be taken lightly and accused Knight of failing "his moral obligations."

--

christine.maiduc@latimes.com

javier.panzar@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: DANTE ACOSTA says the allegations are false.  PHOTOGRAPHER:John
Sciulli Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               45 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Home Edition

TELEVISION;
FALL TV SEASON | REVIEW;
Old boys' network faces a 'Revolt';
'Good Girls' charts the rise of women taking their place in a 1969 newsroom.

BYLINE: Meredith Blake

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part E; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 971 words


If you ever watched "Mad Men" and found yourself longing for a spinoff following
the workplace adventures of Joan and Peggy -- and let's be honest, who didn't?
-- then "Good Girls Revolt" might be for you.

The drama, premiering Friday on Amazon, opens in late 1969 in the offices of
News of the Week, a prestigious magazine where men are editors and writers while
women are relegated to subordinate roles as mail girls and fact-checkers.

"Good Girls Revolt" follows three young women as they fight to dismantle the old
boys' network at the office and reconcile their professional ambitions with
their personal desires. (The series is a fictionalized version of Lynn Povich's
2012 book of the same name, which recounts the 1970 gender discrimination
lawsuit filed by female employees at Newsweek magazine.)

Each of the main characters puts a compelling spin on an identifiable type.
Patti (Genevieve Angelson) is the Free-Spirited Hippie Chick with a titanic work
ethic; Jane (Anna Camp) is the Icy Blond Princess surprised to learn she might
be a career girl; Cindy (Erin Darke) is the Shy, Bespectacled Mouse with a
sensuous side (and a raging booze problem).

They are stirred to action by new girl Nora Ephron -- yes, that Nora Ephron--
who abruptly quits News of the Week when she's told, in no uncertain terms, that
women aren't allowed to write at News of the Week. (In a bit of meta casting,
Ephron is played by Grace Gummer, whose mother, Meryl Streep, played a
fictionalized version of Ephron in the 1986 movie "Heartburn.")

The late Ephron, who briefly worked at Newsweek in the early '60s before
becoming a famous newspaper columnist and filmmaker, has become a kind of patron
saint to female writers. In "Good Girls Revolt," her character is mostly absent
after the pilot but plays a similar role -- she is the mythical woman who defied
convention, scored a byline and inspires others to do the same.

Comparisons to "Mad Men," are inevitable and, if not exactly invited, then
certainly not discouraged. "Good Girls Revolt" shares a setting and themes --
not to mention at least one cast member in Camp -- with the hugely influential
AMC drama.

But unlike such short-lived, midcentury knockoffs as "The Playboy Club" or "Pan
Am," "Good Girls Revolt" manages to tell a broadly appealing tale about social
change without dumbing it down.

And as the series progresses, the differences from the elliptical, brooding "Mad
Men" become more apparent. The storytelling is brisk and accessible, and the
characters are complex but not inscrutable; we understand their motivations and
personal crises, at times too readily. (The series could use roughly 25% fewer
shots of Cindy surreptitiously sneaking a drink.)

With new cover stories at the center of each episode -- e.g. the Black Panthers,
the 1970 postal strike -- the show has a sturdy, built-in structure and an
organic link between the characters and the big headlines of the time period.

That's not to say "Good Girls Revolt" entirely avoids "The '60s for Dummies"
syndrome. The pilot is a bit clunky and includes a pivotal dramatic moment set
to Buffalo Springfield's "For What It's Worth," which should henceforth be
banned from all depictions of the '60s.

But "Good Girls Revolt" improves considerably as it progresses, portraying a
turbulent chapter in the recent past through lived experiences of young,
seemingly average women rather than period cliches or "Forrest Gump"-style
encounters with history.

Created by Dana Calvo, a former staff writer at the Los Angeles Times, "Good
Girls Revolt" comes to life most vividly in moments that capture the frenzied
excitement of rewriting a story hours before deadline or pinning down an elusive
source.

Though it depicts drug use and sexual experimentation, the series has an
essentially wholesome quality. Patti, Jane and Cindy are indeed "good girls,"
diligent women who undoubtedly graduated near the top of their classes at Bryn
Mawr or Vassar. They are slightly groovier Tracy Flicks, intoxicated by the
scent of freshly sharpened pencils and the chance to excel within the limited
confines of their workplace.

It hardly seems a coincidence that the series opens just months after a future
presidential candidate, often ridiculed for her perfectionism, graduated from
Wellesley College. This is a love letter to the Hillary Clinton generation (if
not Hillary herself).

"Good Girls Revolt" is an eminently watchable, admiringly written drama that
makes women's liberation, so often portrayed as a movement forged by dour,
humorless women, seem exhilarating, essential and -- would you believe it? --
fun.

Even their gender discrimination lawsuit, spearheaded by ACLU attorney (and
future congresswoman) Eleanor Holmes Norton (Joy Bryant) and plotted
surreptitiously over the course of the 10-episode season, has the feel of a
covert spy mission.

In many ways "Good Girls Revolt" is a companion piece to "That Girl" or "The
Mary Tyler Moore Show," trailblazing shows that portrayed young, single women
deferring marriage and family to pursue careers -- still a novel concept in the
early 1970s. (There are also a few soapy notes borrowed from "Valley of the
Dolls," which is rarely a bad thing.)

As the female employee of a print publication, I am perhaps predisposed to
liking "Good Girls Revolt," but there is plenty here to interest and amuse even
for those who never read "The Feminine Mystique" or don't know a hed from a dek.

And like any good show about the past, "Good Girls Revolt" is also about the
present.

At a time when news honchos are losing their jobs for alleged sexual misconduct
and the federal government is investigating the Hollywood gender gap, it is as
relevant as ever.

--

meredith.blake@latimes.com

--

'Good Girls Revolt'

Where: Amazon

When: 6 a.m. Wednesday

Rating: TV-MA (may be unsuitable for children under age 17)

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 29, 2016



CORRECTION:  "Good Girls Revolt": In the Oct. 28 Calendar section, an
information box accompanying an article about the new Amazon Video series "Good
Girls Revolt" said the show was available for streaming at 6 a.m. Wednesday. It
should have said the program is available for streaming anytime.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: ANNA CAMP, left, Erin Darke and Genevieve Angelson in "Good
Girls Revolt."  PHOTOGRAPHER:Amazon Studios

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Television review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               46 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

AT THE MOVIES;
CAPSULE REVIEWS | DOCUMENTARIES;
Painful site in 'Ruins'

BYLINE: Robert Abele; Kimber Myers; Michael Rechtshaffen; Gary Goldstein

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part E; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1129 words


On the western entrance to Jerusalem lies the only abandoned Palestinian village
from the 1948 war that hasn't been developed or repopulated by Jews. In the
personalized documentary from Menachem Daum and Oren Rudavsky, "The Ruins of
Lifta," Daum acts as a thoughtful onscreen guide to what the picturesque
hillsides and its stone remains represent.

For its expelled inhabitants, it's a lasting memory of better times, but it's
also a serene, painful marker for Arabs and Jews with competing narratives of
rootlessness, conflict and occupation. Then there's what Lifta might become, if
Israel follows through on announced plans to build luxury villas there, which
has sparked protests from an Israeli-Palestinian coalition hoping to preserve it
as a historical site.

Daum, an Orthodox Jew, Brooklynite and descendant of Holocaust survivors,
compassionately engages with Palestinians and a historian over the circumstances
of Lifta's Arab residents -- complicating his own heroic view of a tough,
secretive uncle who fought with the underground Jewish militia in the 1940s that
targeted Brits and Arabs.

He finds especially soulful discourse with a displaced Liftawi named Yacoub
Odeh, active in the coalition, and outspoken about his view of Israel as
bad-faith occupiers. Daum idealistically arranges a getting-to-know-you meeting
between Yacoub and an elderly friend and Holocaust survivor named Dasha
Rittenberg, with Lifta as a backdrop. Watching these sturdy carriers of
suffering inevitably argue, your spirits may sink. But you also can't help but
notice that the rocky terrain requires them at times to hold on to each other.

-- Robert Abele

"The Ruins of Lifta." In English and Hebrew with English subtitles. Running
time: 1 hour, 17 minutes. Not rated. Playing: Laemmle Town Center 5, Encino.

--

A compelling case for vaping

Enlisting a variety of personalities ranging from doctors to the former Winston
Man, "A Billion Lives" credibly explores a conspiracy behind anti-vaping
legislation. Talking-head interviews combine with news footage and occasional
investigative journalism to reveal that it isn't just Big Tobacco who is against
the rise of electronic cigarettes. Instead, the film also delves into the
connections between the public health industry and traditional cessation aids,
as well as the massive amounts of money governments make from the sale of
cigarettes.

"A Billion Lives" replays the evolution of tobacco and cigarettes for much of
its running time, before it addresses the more recent disruption by vaping and
its advocates. The movie effectively argues that nicotine -- found in
traditional cigarettes, as well as in most e-cigarette liquid -- isn't the
primary cause of smoking-related health issues. Instead, it's the smoke that is
most deadly, making the alternative a far safer option for 1 billion smokers
around the world.

Though its argument is often compelling, the documentary would be better served
by featuring a greater number of persuasive advocates for its case and fewer
webcam testimonials.

Director Aaron Biebert is making his debut here, and his appearances and
voice-over throughout the film feel more sporadic than intentional. "A Billion
Lives" employs a variety of experts in relaying its message, but it sometimes
feels like a statistic-filled, 95-minute commercial for the vaping industry
rather than a feature-length documentary.

-- Kimber Myers

"A Billion Lives." Not rated. Running time: 1 hour, 35 minutes. Playing: Laemmle
Music Hall, Beverly Hills.

--

Insightful 'Eye' on death row

The rehabilitative power of forgiveness is thought-provokingly explored in Ilan
Ziv's "An Eye for an Eye," a documentary chronicling the death-row incarceration
of a Texas serial murderer.

Dubbed "The Arab Killer," Mark Stroman perpetrated the state's first post-9/11
hate crime -- shooting three different men he believed to be of Muslim descent
in retaliation for the terrorist attacks.

Even covered with tattoos, including a swastika, there was still something about
Stroman that ultimately kept drawing the Israeli filmmaker back. It turns out
Ziv wasn't alone -- Rais Bhuiyan, a Bangladeshi who was left partly blinded by
the attempted murder, not only publicly forgave Stroman but took up his cause,
waging a tireless (but ultimately unsuccessful) legal campaign to commute his
looming execution.

With its heavily accented first-person narration and insightful approach, the
film recalls Werner Herzog's "Into the Abyss," another probing portrait of a
Texas murderer who was handed the death sentence.

Ziv effectively interweaves the Stroman prison visits with interviews with his
colleagues and chilling surveillance footage of one of those point-blank
shootings. However, having the articulate Stroman's starkly written poetry
voiced by actors proves distracting rather than poignant.

Still, in a retribution-driven era increasingly defined by hate-charged
absolutes, "An Eye for an Eye" offers a decidedly more reflective vantage point.

-- Michael Rechtshaffen

"An Eye for an Eye." Not rated. Running time: 1 hour, 38 minutes. Playing:
Laemmle Music Hall, Beverly Hills.

--

Revisiting a naval tragedy

The July 1945 sinking of the USS Indianapolis has been called the greatest sea
disaster in U.S. naval history. This remarkable World War II story is memorably
recounted in the documentary "USS Indianapolis: The Legacy."

The American warship, following a secret mission in the South Seas, was fatally
torpedoed by a Japanese navy sub. Of the nearly 1,200 crewmen on the
Indianapolis, only 317 would ultimately survive almost five days stranded
without food or drinking water in the sun-bleached, shark-infested Pacific.

Director Sara Vladic, who also co-edited, does a masterful job assembling, in
what emerges as a kind of verbal relay race, the recollections of countless
interview subjects, including many of the survivors of the fateful incident.

These starkly shot discussions outline the events preceding the assault, the
horrors of the strike itself, and how the desperate crewmen stayed alive until
they were finally rescued after being randomly spotted by a U.S. patrol flier.
(The Navy amazingly had no knowledge of the attack until then.)

The documentary then covers the troubling aftereffects for the seamen as well as
for the Indianapolis' captain, Charles McVay, who was court-martialed for his
ship's sinking, but exonerated in 2001 under then-President Bill Clinton.

Despite the use of strong archival clips and photos, the film, with its ongoing
stream of talking heads, can make for static, at times sluggish viewing.

Still, this key episode in American military history deserves to be
commemorated.

-- Gary Goldstein

"USS Indianapolis: The Legacy." Not rated. Running time: 1 hour, 38 minutes.
Playing: Laemmle Claremont 5, Claremont.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: MENACHEM DAUM, from left, and Dasha Rittenberg meet with Yacoub
Odeh in "The Ruins of Lifta."  PHOTOGRAPHER:First Run Features PHOTO: THE RISE
of e-cigarettes and the backlash against it are explored in the pro-vaping film
"A Billion Lives."  PHOTOGRAPHER:Era Media PHOTO: THE STORY of Texas death row
inmate Mark Stroman thoughtfully unfolds in "An Eye for an Eye."
PHOTOGRAPHER:FilmOption International / Ryan Bruce Levey Film Distribution
PHOTO: PART OF the crew of the USS Indianapolis is shown in an archival image
from a new film about the warship.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Tiny Horse

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Movie review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               47 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

TELEVISION;
FALL TV SEASON | REVIEW;
Old boys' network faces a 'Revolt';
'Good Girls' charts the rise of women taking their place in a 1969 newsroom.

BYLINE: Meredith Blake

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part E; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 971 words


If you ever watched "Mad Men" and found yourself longing for a spinoff following
the workplace adventures of Joan and Peggy -- and let's be honest, who didn't?
-- then "Good Girls Revolt" might be for you.

The drama, premiering Friday on Amazon, opens in late 1969 in the offices of
News of the Week, a prestigious magazine where men are editors and writers while
women are relegated to subordinate roles as mail girls and fact-checkers.

"Good Girls Revolt" follows three young women as they fight to dismantle the old
boys' network at the office and reconcile their professional ambitions with
their personal desires. (The series is a fictionalized version of Lynn Povich's
2012 book of the same name, which recounts the 1970 gender discrimination
lawsuit filed by female employees at Newsweek magazine.)

Each of the main characters puts a compelling spin on an identifiable type.
Patti (Genevieve Angelson) is the Free-Spirited Hippie Chick with a titanic work
ethic; Jane (Anna Camp) is the Icy Blond Princess surprised to learn she might
be a career girl; Cindy (Erin Darke) is the Shy, Bespectacled Mouse with a
sensuous side (and a raging booze problem).

They are stirred to action by new girl Nora Ephron -- yes, that Nora Ephron--
who abruptly quits News of the Week when she's told, in no uncertain terms, that
women aren't allowed to write at News of the Week. (In a bit of meta casting,
Ephron is played by Grace Gummer, whose mother, Meryl Streep, played a
fictionalized version of Ephron in the 1986 movie "Heartburn.")

The late Ephron, who briefly worked at Newsweek in the early '60s before
becoming a famous newspaper columnist and filmmaker, has become a kind of patron
saint to female writers. In "Good Girls Revolt," her character is mostly absent
after the pilot but plays a similar role -- she is the mythical woman who defied
convention, scored a byline and inspires others to do the same.

Comparisons to "Mad Men," are inevitable and, if not exactly invited, then
certainly not discouraged. "Good Girls Revolt" shares a setting and themes --
not to mention at least one cast member in Camp -- with the hugely influential
AMC drama.

But unlike such short-lived, midcentury knockoffs as "The Playboy Club" or "Pan
Am," "Good Girls Revolt" manages to tell a broadly appealing tale about social
change without dumbing it down.

And as the series progresses, the differences from the elliptical, brooding "Mad
Men" become more apparent. The storytelling is brisk and accessible, and the
characters are complex but not inscrutable; we understand their motivations and
personal crises, at times too readily. (The series could use roughly 25% fewer
shots of Cindy surreptitiously sneaking a drink.)

With new cover stories at the center of each episode -- e.g. the Black Panthers,
the 1970 postal strike -- the show has a sturdy, built-in structure and an
organic link between the characters and the big headlines of the time period.

That's not to say "Good Girls Revolt" entirely avoids "The '60s for Dummies"
syndrome. The pilot is a bit clunky and includes a pivotal dramatic moment set
to Buffalo Springfield's "For What It's Worth," which should henceforth be
banned from all depictions of the '60s.

But "Good Girls Revolt" improves considerably as it progresses, portraying a
turbulent chapter in the recent past through lived experiences of young,
seemingly average women rather than period cliches or "Forrest Gump"-style
encounters with history.

Created by Dana Calvo, a former staff writer at the Los Angeles Times, "Good
Girls Revolt" comes to life most vividly in moments that capture the frenzied
excitement of rewriting a story hours before deadline or pinning down an elusive
source.

Though it depicts drug use and sexual experimentation, the series has an
essentially wholesome quality. Patti, Jane and Cindy are indeed "good girls,"
diligent women who undoubtedly graduated near the top of their classes at Bryn
Mawr or Vassar. They are slightly groovier Tracy Flicks, intoxicated by the
scent of freshly sharpened pencils and the chance to excel within the limited
confines of their workplace.

It hardly seems a coincidence that the series opens just months after a future
presidential candidate, often ridiculed for her perfectionism, graduated from
Wellesley College. This is a love letter to the Hillary Clinton generation (if
not Hillary herself).

"Good Girls Revolt" is an eminently watchable, admiringly written drama that
makes women's liberation, so often portrayed as a movement forged by dour,
humorless women, seem exhilarating, essential and -- would you believe it? --
fun.

Even their gender discrimination lawsuit, spearheaded by ACLU attorney (and
future congresswoman) Eleanor Holmes Norton (Joy Bryant) and plotted
surreptitiously over the course of the 10-episode season, has the feel of a
covert spy mission.

In many ways "Good Girls Revolt" is a companion piece to "That Girl" or "The
Mary Tyler Moore Show," trailblazing shows that portrayed young, single women
deferring marriage and family to pursue careers -- still a novel concept in the
early 1970s. (There are also a few soapy notes borrowed from "Valley of the
Dolls," which is rarely a bad thing.)

As the female employee of a print publication, I am perhaps predisposed to
liking "Good Girls Revolt," but there is plenty here to interest and amuse even
for those who never read "The Feminine Mystique" or don't know a hed from a dek.

And like any good show about the past, "Good Girls Revolt" is also about the
present.

At a time when news honchos are losing their jobs for alleged sexual misconduct
and the federal government is investigating the Hollywood gender gap, it is as
relevant as ever.

--

meredith.blake@latimes.com

--

'Good Girls Revolt'

Where: Amazon

When: 6 a.m. Wednesday

Rating: TV-MA (may be unsuitable for children under age 17)

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: ANNA CAMP, left, Erin Darke and Genevieve Angelson in "Good
Girls Revolt."  PHOTOGRAPHER:Amazon Studios

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Television review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               48 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

AT THE MOVIES: REVIEWS;
'LITTLE SISTER';
Grace in a shaky homecoming

BYLINE: Gary Goldstein

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part E; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 255 words


Serving as the backdrop to the offbeat dramedy "Little Sister," the 2008 U.S.
presidential campaign seems positively quaint compared to the current "scorched
earth" battle for the White House. But that deeply transitional era aptly serves
writer-director Zach Clark's fine, darkly poignant tale of a conflicted young
nun-in-training facing her own version of "hope and change."

When Colleen Lunsford (Addison Timlin) is given five days by her Mother Superior
(Barbara Crampton) to sort out her apparent doubts about convent life, Colleen
drives from New York to Asheville, N.C., to visit the dysfunctional family she
left behind.

Back in her liberal hometown, Colleen reunites with her unstable mom (Ally
Sheedy), chill dad (Peter Hedges), military veteran brother, Jacob (Keith
Poulson), who was horribly disfigured fighting in Iraq, and Jacob's devoted
fiancee, Tricia (Kristin Slaysman).

It's a shaky return, but as is so often the case, reconnecting with the past can
crucially inform one's future. And so it goes with former goth-girl Colleen,
whose homecoming also includes hanging out with activist high school pal Emily
(Molly Plunk), who's long carried a torch for Jacob.

The punk and metal music-infused soundtrack belies the film's largely gentle
approach to a series of small, evocative and well-played moments that combine to
slowly heal the Lunsfords and prove that you can go home again.

-- Gary Goldstein

--

" Little Sister." Not rated. Running time: 1 hour, 31 minutes. Playing: Arena
Cinelounge, Hollywood; also on VOD.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: AN ASPIRING nun (Addison Timlin, right) reunites with her
offbeat parents (Peter Hedges, Ally Sheedy).  PHOTOGRAPHER:Forager Films

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Movie review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               49 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Twitter cuts jobs, Vine as it seeks profitability;
Social media network to slash 9% of workforce as it looks toward 2017

BYLINE: Jessica Guynn, and Brett Molina, @brettmolina23, @jguynn

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 740 words


Twitter appeased Wall Street by restructuring to chart a course to profitability
and by showing early signs its business is perking up.

User growth and revenue climbed more than analysts expected as the struggling
social media company announced 350 job cuts, or about 9% of its workforce. It
also said it would shutter mobile video app Vine.

"The current quarter results were ahead of expectations and user figures
provided some promising elements as well," said Pivotal Research Group analyst
Brian Wieser, who is maintaining his price target of $26 and a buy
recommendation on the stock.

The effort to right the company comes as potential buyers such as Google,
Salesforce and Walt Disney declined to pursue an acquisition. The lack of
interest has cranked up pressure on Twitter's embattled management.

Jack Dorsey, the Twitter chief executive who returned to the helm last year to
reinvigorate growth, declined to comment on the takeover discussions, saying
only that Twitter's board is committed to "maximizing long-term shareholder
value."

"We see a significant opportunity to increase growth as we continue to improve
the core service," Dorsey said in a statement. "We have a clear plan, and we're
making the necessary changes to ensure Twitter is positioned for long-term
growth."

That said, analysts say a takeover could still be in the cards.

"We see Twitter aggressively experimenting with its product, and that's the
right thing to do," RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney said. "But we
continue to believe an M&A exit is plausible, just not  in the near term nor
near current valuation."

The service known for its 140-character messages has struggled to broaden its
mainstream appeal and bring in advertising dollars while the fortunes of
established competitors such as Facebook have soared and newer entrants such as
Snapchat and Facebook-owned Instagram have quickly gained traction. Snapchat,
the messaging service run by Los Angeles company Snap, is planning an initial
public offering in 2017 that could raise billions of dollars and bring a heady
valuation of up to $40 billion.

Twitter, on the other hand, is being forced to retrench, discontinuing its Vine
mobile app and launching its second round of cuts after it let go 8% of its
workforce a year ago. The money-losing company said it's targeting profitability
in 2017.

Layoffs will come from sales, marketing and partnerships, leading to what chief
financial officer Anthony Noto called a "meaningful change" in margins.

"Once a company gets to our scale and growth, it is appropriate to work toward
profitability," Noto said.

Sales and marketing costs, about 30% of revenue, could be reduced to between 22%
and 26%, he said.

Twitter said it expects the restructuring to rack up cash costs of $10 million
to $20 million, in addition to stock-based compensation expense of $5 million to
$10 million. Most of the charges would come in the fourth quarter.

"Twitter is overstaffed for the revenue it generates, relatively speaking. It
has far more people working on a far smaller and less complex product than
Facebook does. So some cuts make sense," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst with
Jackdaw Research. "But it makes you worry about their ability to achieve their
goals around improving the product, cutting down on abuse and ultimately driving
growth."

Executives say increasing daily usage and engagement on Twitter were boosted by
live-streamed broadcasts of NFL games and the presidential election debates.
Twitter did not say how many daily active users it has.

The number of people who use the service at least once a month increased 1.7% to
317 million from the second quarter. That significantly lags Facebook, which has
1.71 billion users, and Instagram, which has 500 million.

Twitter executives are betting on live-streaming video, not just to bring more
users to the service, but to lift advertising revenue, too. Morgan Stanley
estimated the NFL deal would generate $11 million in additional ad revenue in
the fourth quarter.

Third-quarter revenue rose 9% to $616 million, marking the smallest gain since
Twitter went public three years ago and the ninth consecutive quarter of
declining growth but still beating expectations of $605.5 million. Ad revenue
accounted for $545 million, up 6% year-over-year.

Twitter posted a net loss of $103 million in the third quarter, less than the
$131.7 million, or 20 cents a share, a year ago.

Twitter did not give revenue guidance.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo 2013 photo by Richard Drew, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               50 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

84 million might be under new pot laws;
9 states consider legalizing medical or recreational use

BYLINE: Trevor Hughes, @trevorhughes, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2016 words


Nearly 60 million Americans may wake up Nov. 9 to find voters in their states
have abolished longstanding marijuana prohibitions, a three-fold expansion for
legal cannabis across the country.

An additional 24 million Americans could find themselves in states with newly
legal medical marijuana use, a smaller but still significant expansion of
legalized pot around the United States. Already, half of the states permit some
form of medical marijuana use, and more than half of all Americans live in a
state that has approved medical marijuana.

California, experts say, will likely play the most significant role in cannabis
legalization on Nov. 8. Voters in our most populous state are widely expected to
approve the "Adult Use of Marijuana Act," adding nearly 40 million names to the
list of people who live in a state with legal pot.

Lawmakers see marijuana taxes as a source of new revenue to close budget gaps,
while entrepreneurs are considering the business case, with potentially billions
of dollars in profits possible from this fast-growing Made-In-America industry.

Arizona, California, Maine, Massachusetts and Nevada are considering legalizing
recreational marijuana. Voters in Arkansas, Florida, Montana and North Dakota
are asking voters whether to permit medical use for certain conditions, such as
cancer or chronic pain. None of those votes will change the federal ban on
marijuana use, although legalization advocates say it may further pressure
Congress, the DEA and the FDA to act.

Four states -- Colorado, Oregon, Washington and Alaska, plus the District of
Columbia -- have already legalized recreational marijuana. An additional 25
permit medical use. But this election has the potential to dramatically shift
the conversation because so many Americans live in the nine states where
relaxation measures are being considered. If it were its own country, California
alone would have the world's sixth-largest economy, and what happens there
almost inevitably spreads east.

Polls nationally show growing support for marijuana legalization. A poll
released earlier this month by the Pew Research Center found 57% of adults think
marijuana use should be legal, up from 53% last year and 32% in 2006. That
despite the fact that marijuana remains a Schedule 1 controlled substance and is
illegal at the federal level. A Gallup poll released Oct. 19 showed even
stronger support: 60%, up from 58% last year and 50% in 2011.

"There's been an enormous shift in public opinion on this issue, and I think
that has directly led to why it is appearing on so many state's (ballots) this
year," said John Kagia, executive vice president of industry analytics for New
Frontier Data. "This is going to be an enormous industry, no matter how you
slice it."

Colorado was the first state to legalize recreational marijuana, with voters
approving the measure in 2012 and sales launching in January 2014. That vote
came after the country already had more than a decade of experience with medical
marijuana, a deliberate strategy on the part of  backers who say they started
with medical marijuana first before seeking to broaden it. No state has yet
legalized recreational marijuana via its legislature.

Critics say there's insufficient evidence to back the health claims made by
medical marijuana supporters. They worry widespread legalization opens the door
to Big Tobacco-style companies interested in selling drugs to the public,
especially kids, without regard for the public health consequences.

New Frontier, which doesn't take a position on legalization, estimates the legal
cannabis market could be worth nearly $8 billion by 2020.

Still, entrepreneurs -- particularly in California -- are rushing to fund
greenhouses, invest in growing and harvesting technology and create social media
platforms to connect buyers with cannabis recommendations. Those investments are
targeted at medical marijuana, which is already legal, but the rush shows how
investors are positioning themselves for what's widely considered a slam-dunk
recreational legalization vote in California.

"People are beginning to understand that this isn't just about not putting
people in prison, but about making a lot of money," said Jeffrey Zinsmeister,
the executive vice president of the anti-legalization group Smart Approaches to
Marijuana, which has funded opposition campaigns in several states.

RECREATIONAL Arizona

Prop. 205 would legalize adult recreational marijuana use, cultivation and
sales, with a 15% sales tax to fund new state regulation, enforcement and
education efforts. A recent Arizona Republic/Morrison/Cronkite News poll found
50% of registered voters favor legalization, 40% oppose it and 10% were
undecided. The poll surveyed 784 registered voters between Aug. 17 and Aug. 31,
with a margin of error of 3.4 percentage points.

Since that poll, however, voters have been bombarded with ads. Polling expert
Mike O'Neil said he expects the "No on Prop 205" ads will draw undecided voters
to their side.

"At a very simplistic level, it's 'Drugs are bad' against 'Gee, we're overkill
with respect to marijuana,'" O'Neil said. "Anytime you're proposing something
new, it's easy to scare people, and when in doubt ... (people) just vote no."

California

The California plan, known as the Adult Use of Marijuana Act, allows residents
to grow up to six plants at home and gives municipalities the power to allow or
ban outdoor grows and marijuana stores. It requires commercial growers to comply
with environmental regulations -- many illegal growers today ignore laws
governing water, pesticide and fertilizer use -- and gives existing
medical-marijuana providers a head start in getting business licenses.

The measure also maintains existing prohibitions on youth use and driving while
high. Critics worry it will open up television advertising to marijuana
companies and goes too far in permitting people previously convicted of violent
drug offenses to join the industry. Medical marijuana is widely available in
California, and a large portion of the economies of Humboldt County and the far
northern portions of California are heavily dependent on illegal growing.

"AUMA is not the best initiative, but it's way better than the status quo," said
Lanny Swerdlow, a registered nurse and director of the Palm Springs-based
Marijuana Anti-Prohibition Project. "It's a template, something to build on."

Polls show it's likely to pass.

Maine

The ballot measure expands the state's well-regarded medical marijuana program
to recreational use, but it also permits the creation of "marijuana social
clubs," where people would be able to consume marijuana. Critics worry that
might increase the amount of impaired driving, in the way that bars can lead to
more drunken drivers on the road.

There's also concern that the measure requires marijuana-focused publications to
be sold from behind store counters, a proposal that was struck down as
unconstitutional in Colorado. Gov. Paul LePage signed Maine's medical marijuana
law in 2011, but he opposes this recreational legalization effort.

Massachusetts

Most of the state's political establishment opposes the measure to legalize
recreational marijuana, with former governor Bill Weld one notable exception.
Weld, a Republican, is running on the Libertarian presidential ticket with Gary
Johnson.

Current Gov. Charlie Baker argues legalizing marijuana in the Bay State could
increase youth use and distract regulators and public health officials wrestling
with an epidemic of opioid abuse and overdoses. Despite that top-level
opposition, voters appear poised to approve the measure. Fifty-five percent of
likely voters now say they favor legalization for recreation, WBUR radio
reported. That poll found that half the people surveyed had tried marijuana at
some point in their lives.

Nevada

A year after its medical-marijuana program launched, Nevada's voters are now
considering whether to legalize recreational growing and use. Nevada's program
would be open to anyone visiting the state, and supporters say the tourist-heavy
market could be worth $390million, with up to $1.1 billion in economic impact.

Medical dispensaries would be granted an 18-month monopoly on recreational
sales, and alcohol distributors would also have an 18-month monopoly on
distribution. Home growing would be banned anywhere within 25miles of a licensed
dispensary, which could make home cultivation illegal for up to 90% of the
state. The latest polling showed more than 55% of people approved of the
measure.

Critics complain that the ballot measure was largely written and funded by those
who stand to benefit the most from legalization.

MEDICAL Arkansas

Arkansas voters in 2012 nearly legalized medical marijuana, rejecting the
measure 51% to 49%, and this year they're considering two competing measures,
both of which are opposed by the state's Republican-dominated political
establishment. As in many states, Arkansas voters who are personally familiar
with medical marijuana use are more likely to support legalization, especially
if they have experience with people who have struggled with opioid use or abuse.

Medical marijuana advocates say cannabis is a safer alternative to potentially
deadly and physically addictive prescription drugs like OxyContin.

"I have a cousin who suffers from Lupus," said Deb Sanders, a grandmother from
Mountain Home who supports legalization. "She smoked some marijuana. She said
she could not believe how much better she felt. ... She stopped hurting, her
anxiety attacks went away. She doesn't do it recreationally, she only does it
when she absolutely has to. Her condition has gotten so much better since she
introduced into her regimen. She's been able to get off some of her synthetic
medications."

Florida

Florida's proposed Amendment 2 would allow patients to obtain marijuana if they
have "debilitating" illnesses, such as cancer, HIV, post-traumatic stress
disorder, Parkinson's disease and epilepsy. Under existing state law, only
patients with certain medical conditions that benefit from non-euphoric strains
of cannabis and patients with irreversible "terminal" illness may access the
drug through state-approved doctors and growers.

A proposal in 2014 to broadly legalize medical marijuana won nearly 58% of the
vote but fell short of the required 60% needed for adoption. Polls indicate the
measure may have enough support this time around.

"Most of the polls, in most of the states, most of the time, show more people in
favor than against, but in none of the states are the margins so significant
that we feel comfortable," said Ethan Nadelmann, the executive director of the
Drug Policy Alliance, an advocacy group backing marijuana legalization
throughout the country. "And there's opposition money that's starting to
emerge."

Montana

This may be the second time voters here approve a medical marijuana plan. They
approved one in 2004, but lawmakers in 2011 repealed it and replaced it with a
far more restrictive system -- a move that was upheld by the Montana Supreme
Court earlier this year.

Now, Initiative 183 aims to restore much of the original system, including
allowing providers to hire employees to cultivate, dispense and transport
medical marijuana. The initiative also repeals the requirement that physicians
who provide certifications for 25 or more patients annually be referred to the
board of medical examiners and bars law enforcement from making unannounced
inspections of medical marijuana facilities.

North Dakota

North Dakotans are considering permitting medical marijuana for certain
conditions, such as cancer or PTSD. Acknowledging the state's rural nature,
patients who live more than 40 miles from a "compassionate care center" would be
allowed to grow up to eight plants as long as they notified local law
enforcement in advance.

Contributing: Phil Drake, Great Falls (Mont.) Tribune; Corinne Kennedy, The
(Palm Springs, Calif.) Desert Sun; Frank Gluck, The (Fort Myers, Fla.)
News-Press; Josh Dooley, The (Mountain Home, Ark.) Baxter Bulletin; Yvonne
Wingett Sanchez, The Arizona Republic; Seth Richardson, Reno Gazette-Journal.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               51 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

Injured in war, he now fights debt;
Disabled California Guard veteran is one of many bitter at the Pentagon's demand
for bonus repayment.

BYLINE: David S. Cloud

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1430 words

DATELINE:  WASHINGTON


For the last three years, retired California National Guard Master Sgt. Bill
McLain's wife, Terese, has repaid a bit of his enlistment bonuses to the
Pentagon with a caustic note.

Each month, she writes "blood money" on the $100 check -- the token amount the
McLains pay on the $30,000 debt they deny owing -- that she sends to the
Pentagon. "Shame on you. Extortion," she writes on the envelope.

The Pentagon cashes each check.

Facing a groundswell of public outrage, the Pentagon scrambled this week to
temporarily suspend its demands for thousands of California Guard soldiers to
repay enlistment bonuses and other incentives they were given to go to war.

But McLain and other soldiers who were wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan may still
be required to repay their bonuses, one of several apparent exceptions in the
proposed Pentagon solution.

Two weeks before McLain left to fight in Afghanistan in early 2013 -- his fourth
combat tour in a decade -- the National Guard garnished his entire $3,496
monthly paycheck for the enlistment bonuses it claimed he was improperly given
five years earlier.

"I had nothing," the 55-year-old retired special forces soldier recalled
Thursday about leaving his wife and two stepdaughters without his salary while
he went back to war. "They took every nickel."

McLain managed to get the wage garnishment lifted, but his troubles were just
beginning.

The Pentagon has hounded him ever since to repay the bonuses, even after he was
diagnosed as 90% disabled on account of head and back injuries sustained in
combat, including a 2008 attack in Iraq when a roadside bomb nearly destroyed
his jaw.

McLain is one of about 9,800 current and former California Guard soldiers who
were ordered to repay enlistment bonuses, tuition assistance or other payments
that officials said were improperly awarded when the Defense Department was
frantically trying to fill its ranks for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.

A Los Angeles Times story last weekend that revealed the Pentagon repayment
demands sparked a public furor about what many viewed as an injustice. Members
of Congress and both major party presidential candidates expressed outrage and
demanded action.

Under pressure to respond, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter interrupted his trip
in Europe on Wednesday to announce a temporary suspension of the claw-backs. He
pledged that a special review panel would consider each soldier's case over the
next eight months.

Carter said the Pentagon would grant debt waivers to soldiers who took the
enlistment incentives and other payments without realizing they were ineligible.
Some soldiers were given as much as $60,000, officials said.

But given the criteria Carter and other Pentagon officials laid out Wednesday,
it's far from certain that McLain and other wounded combat veterans will qualify
for that debt relief.

Neither Carter nor his deputy, Peter Levine, the acting assistant secretary of
Defense who will lead the review, indicated that they will make a blanket
exception for soldiers who were wounded in battle.

Federal law already allows the Pentagon to waive certain debts for Purple Heart
recipients. But officials haven't granted that exemption to McLain and other
Purple Heart recipients contacted by The Times.

Defense officials also said they don't plan to waive repayment from soldiers who
were ineligible for the enlistment bonuses because they already had served 20
years and thus were entitled to military pensions.

McLain joined the Army in 1979, later ending up in the California Guard. He
retired in 2014 and resumed his job as a police officer with the Las Vegas
school system.

McLain was born on a U.S. Army base in Germany. His father fought in Vietnam,
his grandfather in World War II. He is proud of his military service in Iraq and
Afghanistan.

But he and his wife are embittered and angry about the Pentagon demands for
repayment of the incentives they gave him to go to war.

"Until we get a letter to us saying legally they can't take us to [debt]
collection or turn us over to the IRS, I won't be satisfied," he said Thursday.

Like many California Guard members, McLain's bonus problems began in 2006, when
he was serving in the 19th Special Forces Group, a National Guard unit based in
Los Alamitos.

He had gone to Afghanistan in 2002 shortly after the U.S.-led invasion that
ousted the Taliban from power.

Four years later, when his enlistment contract was expiring, he volunteered to
go to Iraq as the Sunni Muslim insurgency against the U.S.-led occupation was
reaching its most violent phase.

Instead of signing a new six-year enlistment, McLain opted to extend his old
contract for the year he would deploy in Iraq, receiving no bonus. He was
assigned to a regular Army special forces team at an outpost near Hit, an Iraqi
insurgent hotbed where U.S. troops were engaged in fierce daily combat.

McLain says that the unit's senior noncommissioned officer told him that if he
signed up for another six-year contract while in a war zone, he was entitled to
a $30,000 reenlistment bonus since he was on active duty.

McLain says he was skeptical. He believed that as a California Guard member, he
only qualified for $15,000, the usual bonus at the time.

But he signed the contract and within weeks received two extra payments of
$7,500 in his paycheck. When the other money didn't appear, he says he assumed
he only qualified for $15,000 and "thought no more about it."

His year in Hit, a sand-blown walled town on the Euphrates River northwest of
Ramadi, involved near daily combat.

"Our job was to train the Iraqi police, and we went on a bunch of operations"
aimed at capturing insurgents, he said. Militants ambushed U.S. convoys and
regularly bombarded his unit's small outpost with mortar fire, he said.

"By the end of that deployment I had been struck numerous times by IEDs and had
been diagnosed with a traumatic brain injury," McLain wrote in August 2015 in
his bonus repayment appeal to the Pentagon, using a military abbreviation for
improvised explosive device.

His injuries weren't severe enough to require hospitalization.

A year after McLain returned to the U.S., in 2007, another payment of $7,500
appeared in his Army paycheck without explanation. Then another $7,500 arrived,
for a total of $30,000 in bonuses.

"It just showed up on my paycheck, and I thought, 'Great, he was right,'" McLain
said, referring to the senior sergeant in Iraq who had told him that he
qualified for $30,000.

McLain returned to Iraq in 2008 and fought in a major battle in the southern
city of Basra, where U.S. and Iraqi troops had been sent to quell an insurgent
uprising.

As he rode through the city one day, a powerful roadside bomb exploded near his
vehicle. A small piece of shrapnel tore through the armor plating and hit the
headset radio microphone that McLain used to communicate with other soldiers.

The impact drove his jaw back, bloodied his mouth and left most of his teeth
loose. After he returned to Las Vegas in 2009, a Veterans Affairs doctor found
his lower jaw was infected. He removed McLain's teeth and performed a bone graft
to reconstruct his lower jaw.

In January 2013, McLain received a letter from the California Guard telling him
that he did not qualify for the $30,000 in bonuses he had received after
reenlisting seven years earlier.

Since he had enlisted in 1979, the letter claimed, he had served more than 20
years in the Army when he reenlisted, and Pentagon rules barred giving bonuses
to soldiers who had passed the two-decade mark.

Even if he had been eligible, as a member of the California Guard, he would have
only received $15,000, the letter stated.

The bottom line: He had to pay back the entire $30,000.

McLain refused to pay, arguing that he had served only 17 years, because, after
leaving active duty, he was inactive from 1988 to 1993 before joining the
National Guard.

A week before he left for Afghanistan, the Pentagon sent him a salary statement
for $0.00.

He has been fighting the debt ever since.

In 2015, when the Pentagon offered to give him a long-term repayment agreement,
he crossed out a section that required him to admit he owed the debt, and
started sending $100 checks.

The Defense Finance and Accounting Service, the Pentagon agency that handles
repayment of debts, responded with a letter that said because he had "altered"
the repayment agreement, he was required to immediately repay the entire
$27,112.82 it said he still owed.

"We have determined that we cannot suspend your ... debt any longer," said the
letter. It was signed by an unnamed "customer care representative."

--

david.cloud@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: AS MASTER SGT. Bill McLain prepared for a fourth combat tour,
the California National Guard garnished his whole paycheck. "They took every
nickel," he said.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Isaac Brekken For The Times PHOTO: EACH MONTH
McLain's wife, Terese, writes a check to the Pentagon for $100 toward their
$30,000 debt, including the words, "Blood Money."  PHOTOGRAPHER: Isaac Brekken
For The Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Lead story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               52 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

TECHNOLOGY;
Twitter to kill Vine and slash jobs;
Firm's moves to turn a profit follow 9 straight quarters of slowing revenue
growth.

BYLINE: Paresh Dave

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1125 words


When a slew of photo and video apps popped up about five years ago, Twitter Inc.
pounced.

Larger rival Facebook reportedly outbid it by hundreds of millions of dollars
for rapidly growing Instagram, but Twitter managed to grab the yet-to-launch
Vine app for a few million dollars in stock and cash.

What's transpired since then, culminating Thursday with a disclosure that
Twitter would shut down Vine and lay off more than 300 employees, points to the
unrealized potential that's squeezed the San Francisco company into a corner.

Twitter has produced nine straight quarters of slowing revenue growth compared
with the prior-year quarter. The number of monthly active users, the firm's key
usage measurement, has stagnated for the last year. Several other firms,
including Salesforce.com Inc. and Walt Disney Co., have considered and then
rejected the opportunity to acquire Twitter in recent weeks.

Now, the company is retrenching in hopes of producing an annual profit for the
first time next year.

"Once a company gets to our scale and growth, it's important to drive toward
margins and profitability," Chief Financial Officer Anthony Noto said during a
call with analysts. "It's an important milestone to reach for investor appeal."

Twitter vowed to help users preserve existing posts on Vine, but is stopping
further development, which could free employees to work on live-video
technology. It declined to say how many layoffs would be associated with Vine,
which many employees had already left.

Four years ago, Facebook and Twitter allowed their respective image-sharing
acquisitions to operate independently. Vine turned out to be popular once it
launched. A tool to produce and view six-second videos that repeated endlessly,
Vine resulted in something unlike anything else in the App Store.

Comedians got creative, and the results generated millions of views. Online-born
celebrities shared quick bites from their lives to millions of followers. Sports
fans loved short highlights that cut straight to the pivotal moment. In
December, the National Basketball Assn. became the first organization to reach 1
billion views on Vine.

But Vine's limitations turned off most consumers and advertisers, some of whom
found YouTube, Snapchat and Instagram simpler and more lucrative.

"To me, Vine was always a bit too quirky for mass user appeal," said Debra Aho
Williamson, principal analyst at advertising industry research firm EMarketer.
"With so many other places to put digital video advertising, Vine just didn't
take root for marketers."

Facebook also kept bolstering editing options, including video filters and text
animations; Vine hasn't strayed far from its original version.

The percentage of people in the U.S. using Vine in one 7Park Data research panel
has dipped below 1% from a peak of near 4% two years ago, while Instagram
commands about 30%, up from about 21%.

The fall came as Twitter endured widespread executive departures and shifting
management strategies that technology analysts say slowed innovation.

But to the early Vine investor who introduced the app to Twitter co-founder and
current CEO Jack Dorsey, that's an unfair narrative.

"Not every merger or acquisition is Instagram or YouTube," former SV Angel
investor David Lee said. "If you look at the Twittersphere today, it's clear
[Vine's three co-founders] built something that resonated with people, and not a
lot of people can say they did that."

Still, the Vine trio -- all of whom had left or were fired by this year --
griped Thursday about what could have been. Dom Hofmann posted on Twitter that
he was "busting out the bourbon." Rus Yusupov warned "Don't sell your company!"
Colin Kroll linked to an old Vine post featuring a fiery explosion and sorry
note.

Twitter said it would cut 9% of its 3,900 employees, mostly in sales and
marketing as teams separately addressing large and midsize clients merge. After
an initial hit of $10 million to $20 million in severance costs, the layoffs
could bring as much as $100 million in annual savings, according to one
estimate.

But that's not enough, Wedbush Securities financial analyst Michael Pachter
said. Twitter's usage of stock to pay employees remains "excessive," he said.

User interface changes and initiatives such as streaming live video of NFL games
are helping boost ad sales at Twitter, but not quickly enough to justify its
valuation, said RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney. Twitter shares closed
Thursday at $17.40, up 11 cents, but well below the initial issue price of $26
when the company went public nearly three years ago.

"Twitter believes it can command premium ad pricing, but its dramatic ad
[revenue] deceleration doesn't support that," Mahaney wrote in a note Thursday.

Since returning a year ago to the helm, Dorsey has focused on design adjustments
in hopes of encouraging more activity. Some of the changes, such as
automatically surfacing the most interesting posts people might have missed
between visits to the app, have been welcomed by many of its 317 million monthly
users.

Twitter reported third-quarter revenue of $616 million, up 8% from a year
earlier, and a loss of $103 million.

Analysts say that the company remains a takeover target, with an acquisition
inevitable if the share price further tumbles.

Dorsey declined to address the acquisition discussions beyond saying the
company's board of directors is committed to maximizing long-term value.

With those discussions in the rearview mirror and budget cuts in progress,
questions about Twitter now may shift to the company's spending on the rights to
stream NFL games, political events, news shows and other video.

Twitter executives said they're trying to make each content deal profitable on
its own, but it's unclear whether that's achievable as apps fight for exclusive
rights to prized programming and drive up prices.

Noto described live video as integral to the future, noting there was record
usage during the three days Twitter streamed election debates. Videos also have
been Twitter's largest and fastest-growing ad-revenue generator in recent
months.

"We would need to have debate every day on Twitter to have it be a meaningful
impact across a quarter, and that's where we are headed," Noto said.

Additional tweaks to the service are coming. Dorsey said November would bring
updates to the way Twitter handles concerns about harassment, bullying and other
unwanted interaction between users. He didn't go into detail about those changes
or about expected experimentation with the app's posting process.

Although Twitter has not enacted the revolutionary changes some technology
analysts have called for, the company's adjusted profit margins have shown
improvement through the spate of smaller refinements.

--

paresh.dave@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: TWITTER posted third-quarter revenue of $616 million, up 8% from
a year earlier, and a loss of $103 million. Above, its logo at the New York
Stock Exchange.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Richard Drew Associated Press PHOTO: Twitter to
cut jobs, kill off Vine app: The company will slash 9% of its workforce as it
retrenches in hopes of producing an annual profit for the first time next year.
C3  PHOTOGRAPHER:Jeff Chiu Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               53 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

THE STATE;
Brown pushes parole reform;
Proposition 57 could offer early release to thousands of prisoners over next few
years.

BYLINE: John Myers

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; bad desk code; Local Desk; Part B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1151 words

DATELINE:  SACRAMENTO


Few California voters likely know much, if anything, about the state Board of
Parole Hearings -- from the qualifications of the 12 commissioners to their
success in opening the prison gates for only those who can safely return to the
streets.

And yet Gov. Jerry Brown's sweeping overhaul of prison parole, Proposition 57,
is squarely a question of whether those parole officials should be given
additional latitude to offer early release to potentially thousands of prisoners
over the next few years.

"I feel very strongly that this is the correct move," Brown told The Times in a
recent interview. "I'm just saying, let's have a rational process."

Prosecutors, though, contend the governor's proposal goes too far after several
years of trimming down California's prison population to only the most hardened
criminals. They believe the parole board, whose members are gubernatorial
appointees, already is swinging too far from being tough on crime.

"They are recommending release of people we never would have expected would have
occurred so soon," said Los Angeles County Dist. Atty. Jackie Lacey.

In some ways, Proposition 57 is a proxy for a larger battle over prison
sentences. There are sharp disagreements between Brown and many district
attorneys over the legacy of California's decades-long push for new and longer
mandatory sentences, a system in which flexibility is often limited to which
crimes a prosecutor seeks to pursue in court. The warring sides have painted the
Nov. 8 ballot measure in the starkest of terms, a choice for voters between
redemption and real danger.

"We're dealing with deep belief systems," Brown said.

Proposition 57 would make three significant changes to the state's criminal
justice framework. It would require a judge's approval before most juvenile
defendants could be tried in adult court -- reversing a law approved by state
voters in 2000. Critics believe prosecutors have wrongly moved too many
juveniles into the adult legal system, missing chances for rehabilitation.

What's most in dispute are two other Proposition 57 provisions, either of which
could result in adult prisoners serving less time than their maximum sentences.
Brown tacked those two provisions onto the juvenile justice measure in January.
One would allow an expansion of good-behavior credits awarded by prison
officials; the other gives new power to the state parole board to allow early
release of prisoners whose primary sentences were not for crimes categorized as
"violent."

In an interview last week, the governor argued that his ballot measure would add
a dose of deliberative thought to a process too often driven by elected district
attorneys playing to the white-hot politics of sensational crimes.

"Do you want the hurly-burly of candidates running for office being the decision
makers in the face of horrible headlines?" Brown asked. "Or would you rather
have a quiet parole board, not now but 10 years later, deciding what's right?"

Brown's plan, which amends the state Constitution, would allow parole only after
a prisoner's primary sentence had been served -- applying only to the time
tacked on for additional crimes or enhancements. And like the current system, a
governor could override any parole board decision to release a prisoner.

Critics, though, think the parole board is already too eager to approve
releases. Greg Totten, district attorney of Ventura County, said he believes
parole board members are judged by how many prisoners they release.

"We don't have confidence that the parole board will consider our concerns about
public safety or the crime victims' concerns," Totten said.

Totten and other prosecutors warn that an influx of new requests for early
release would overload parole board commissioners and send too many cases to
their deputy commissioners, state civil servants whose decisions are made
outside of public hearings.

Prosecutors and Brown have sparred mightily over the assertion that Proposition
57 would expand parole opportunities only for "nonviolent" felons, a term used
prominently in the ballot measure's official title and summary.

In truth, the description means that new parole opportunities wouldn't apply to
prisoners sentenced for one of 23 defined violent crimes in California's penal
code. That list includes crimes most voters would expect to see there, such as
murder, sexual abuse of a child and kidnapping. But in many ways, the list is
porous. Not all rape crimes, for example, are designated as "violent."

Prosecutors say prisoners serving time for as many as 125 serious crimes would
be eligible for parole under Brown's measure. Not surprisingly, the campaign
opposing Proposition 57 is replete with images of felons who prosecutors allege
could be released if the measure becomes law.

But the governor insists that prosecutors are partly to blame for the "violent"
crime list being so narrow. The list, he points out, was augmented by the same
juvenile punishment ballot measure in 2000 that was backed by district
attorneys.

"They created the damn violent list," Brown said. "If they thought some crimes
should have been violent and not just serious, tack it on. But they didn't."

Also in dispute is the possible effect of Proposition 57's new good-behavior
credits for prisoners. The proposal would give the California Department of
Corrections and Rehabilitation expanded power to hand out credits that can
reduce sentences, potentially to those convicted of violent offenses.

One new opponent to the ballot measure is Jaycee Dugard, who was freed in 2009
after being held captive by a parolee and his wife for 18 years. Dugard, in a
statement posted this week on Facebook, said she is "horrified at the thought"
that one of her captors, Nancy Garrido, would ever be released from prison
early. A number of prominent law enforcement officers, including Los Angeles
County Sheriff Jim McDonnell, also oppose Proposition 57.

Some prosecutors believe good-behavior credits would be given out too liberally,
while the governor maintains he would instruct prison officials to carefully use
best practices from other states.

Brown, whose effort is supported by probation officers and leads in most every
recent statewide public poll, suggests two overarching motivations.

One is the specter of potential federal court-ordered prison releases, less
likely now that massive prison overcrowding has abated after efforts to reduce
penalties for less serious crimes and divert low-level offenders to county
jails.

The other, to hear him tell it, is an effort to undo some of what he did in the
1970s in pushing California toward more fixed sentences for a variety of crimes.
Brown said he now believes that many felons are best judged not at the time of
sentencing, but once they have had a chance to change their lives.

"It allows flexibility," the governor said. "I think this case is irrefutable to
anyone with an open mind."

--

john.myers@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               54 of 54 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 28, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

AT THE MOVIES: REVIEWS;
'CHIEF ZABU';
Satire should go back on the shelf

BYLINE: Michael Rechtshaffen

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part E; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 248 words


Taking the 2016 presidential race as a sign, Zack Norman and Neil Cohen elected
to finally put the finishing touches on their never-completed 1986 comedy about
a New York real estate developer with lofty political ambitions.

As it turns out, the resulting "Chief Zabu" may have been buried for the past
three decades, but this tiresomely talky would-be satire is no treasure.

Having aspirations of being the sort of guy who gets to see his name on
hospitals and "have opinions on issues," Manhattan realtor Ben Sydney (Allen
Garfield) seizes what appears to be a golden opportunity when he meets George
Dankworth (Allan Arbus).

A well-dressed scam artist, Dankworth sells Sydney on Tiburaku, a South Pacific
island nation "about the size of New Jersey," that's ripe for resort
development.

But the site proves to be more toxic than exotic after Sydney's buddy, an
aspiring stand-up comic named Sammy Brooks (Norman), discovers that the French
government has been testing nuclear weapons in the immediate vicinity.

The low-budget effort plays like bargain-basement Barry Levinson.

Clocking in at a scant but more than sufficient 74 minutes, the film,
co-directed and written by Norman (under his birth name, Howard Zuker) and
Cohen, cries out for sharper writing and a stronger technical hand.

Current events aside, it would have been wiser to let sleeping dogs lie.

-- Michael Rechtshaffen

--

"Chief Zabu." Rating: R. Running time: 1 hour, 14 minutes. Playing: Laemmle
Monica Film Centre, Santa Monica.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: ALLEN GARFIELD, right, shown with Zack Norman, portrays an
ambitious Manhattan developer.  PHOTOGRAPHER:NADCO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Movie review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved
